three two all the way from Down Under
why your brother what's all good good to
see you again man hell yeah
you're on a wild a magical mystery tour
of the United States of America here
it's been amazing with your kids you
cute little kids yeah Victoria you know
[Music]
I love kids
but you you're taking them too you took
everybody look at you're here for how
many months five months you moving tired
of Australia no hell no it's a big trip
no it's better it is I love America is
it better can't say that they won't let
you back in yeah probably not
they're very different you know the
American landscape how unique the
landscape is you know if you Rocky
Mountains you know to the desert it's
just industrial you have any mount yeah
hey chair everyone winks Australia's
just like this fucking flat piece of
sand yeah yeah but it's not this heaps
of mountain ranges and shit really yeah
yeah how tall they get um I don't know
the high but they're up there like a
real mountain like Rocky Mountain
welcome rule me out and like rocking me
on yeah really yeah Wow
dude let me tell you something you're 28
days that you did in the Braga mountains
out here that we put on Instagram you
know that yeah yeah we're promoting it
constantly yeah that was like one of the
most talked about that like every I got
calls from all my friend Bert Kreischer
was fuckin obsessed with you he wouldn't
stop calling me about it he's like the
fucking guys boy himself took the video
with him with the grizzly bear and he's
pointing the gun at it Jesus Christ
fucking weirdest thing is it's that's
normal shit it is that's very normal
society so removed from it now well if
you're out there it's normal to get
false charged by a grizzly bear
yeah it is you know Luke night you one
good reason not fucking the algae I was
talking with came about this when we
hiked into the back of Montana to the
spot that's usually got a bunch of
grizzly bears that I go to and we're
talking about you how you won't come out
to Australia honey things are just
scared of everything the difference is
when you're walking around the mountains
here that can happen at any point
because yes fucking grizzly bears
got feet they walk on land in Australia
you pretty much have to go into the
water so you're only worried about that
when you go to click water or you're
thinking about having a wash or
something here it's full-time
for whatever reason it doesn't bother me
as much to get killed and eaten by a
bear then it does a giant saltwater croc
I reckon the crocodile would be nicer
what yeah it'd be nicer I'd like grab
you drag you down you drowned anyway you
know and then it would do what it wants
we've got a grizzly bears gonna fucking
Moliere scratch your face off bite your
neck take chunks out here it's gonna be
longer dude yeah but it's American no
foreign shit there's some about uh
grizzly bears it's most terrifying
things that they just eat you they don't
kill you first you just hold you down
yeah eating you yeah they treat you the
same way they treat a salmon you know
you see them hold down salmon and they
take big bites out they don't make sure
that kills no no I thought behind it you
know like y'all finish it off first and
then no did you say the mountain line
that I end up hunting yeah yeah and like
mountain lions usually kill their prey
but obviously grabbed a calf and it was
eating his calf while it was still alive
like a beef cow-calf yeah I saw the
video yeah pretty disturbing and then I
see mine not long ago someone shared
with me with a mountain lion dragging a
mule deer down it's like chomping on
this mule deer before it actually dies
you know and it's like there's just not
that thought process there there's not
that human you know as long as they make
sure that they have it as a meal and
it's not going anywhere that's already
done yeah yeah some friends were elk
hunting and they came across as elk who
these wolves had torn the back legs
apart and we're it was in the river and
the Wolves were eating it while it was
in the river and the thing was moaning
and screaming it couldn't go anywhere
yes bull elk yeah in the water in the
water and it is pretty pretty horrible
for us but standard for them yeah have
you encountered any wolves when you're
out there yeah plenty of tongs you
the first time I went to Canada was
Northwest Territories and there was a
pack of wolves that they were chasing a
caribou bull and they pretty much chase
this thing to like a lover a sweat you
know like the cat this is in winter so
the bull the caribou ball got really hot
and they chased it into the freezing
cold river and they sort of surrounded
it in the river and then they just left
it and they walked off you know and it
wasn't that they were walking away from
their kill they knew the job was done
the Wolves went back up high and they
got onto these rocky benches and sat in
the Sun and were like drying out their
cells and cooling down and drying out
this caribou never left the river it was
like just quivering in the river and
then that afternoon when we come back
that caribou was just a carcass weave
like flesh hanging off the ribs on the
side of the river so they come back down
once the river had done its job and a
smart as hell life that's that's really
crazy that that intelligent that they
know it's over
they're like okay he's in the water and
children dry off you yeah that is
bananas crazy they're so wise people
that I know that I've seen them in the
forest say they look at you a different
way did they look at you there's a way
they look through you they look at you
in a way like almost like they think
that that's the reason why the myth of
the werewolf exists is it people that
have these terrifying encounters with
wolves they swear that it's part human
yeah Kenickie is an interior yeah
they're looking into you they're
figuring you out you know you gotta
think what it would be like if you're
just out there you know if you're lucky
live five years old yeah you get this
hardscrabble life out there chasing much
larger animals than you and you got to
kill them with your face yeah my god
yeah a pack of like 30 wolves this last
trip that I was in BC and they kept
coming around can't wear horses and that
in camp and one day I ventured out to
try and get onto them and get a better
look at them and they just without
seeing me they just kept this perfect
range you know like that hell back to me
I was trying to call them you know it's
hell and that hell back to me and I just
keep this perfect range and you could
tell the whole time they were
communicating because it there'd be
another war for a couple of wolves that
were like a couple of miles in the other
direction and you could hear them move
the same pattern that the rest of these
wolves were and I got eyes on them from
a distance they walked across a nice
lake and other than that I never really
seen them but I guarantee you those
wolves looked at me a bunch of times
like they're just a different hunter
dude yeah they're probably just trying
to figure out what they can do with it
yeah that's such a Jiri feeling - so
it's like snow and it's like way in the
backcountry of British Columbia and like
I'm going up on these mountains it's
like big pine trees and everything like
that and just every direction around
your howl and dude you'd hear him howl
and you'd hear them do it sounds like a
bark it's not it's like like this short
hell and then every now and then you'd
hear one how different you can tell that
that was the Alpha this the sound that
it was letting out dude just like
earrings awesome place to be if you're
in the nature like crazy place to be if
you're not in into nature fucking you're
like yeah well the thing about them
that's so fascinating about them is
they're cooperative and they almost are
they know what to do without without
even communicating they know what to do
they have plans and strategies they know
how to how to box someone in and circle
around like if an animal's running in a
certain direction they get out in front
of it they know it don't know what to do
yet
so they end up being a set of caribou
tracks that I end up getting onto and
following and every wolf track was a
certain you know section apart from that
and now funneling into this big drainage
I'd end up returning back to camp
because it was getting dark but I would
have loved to have kept following and
seen if I actually like they're
efficient he's a good chance I end up
catching that caribou you know and
killing it yeah well it's it's really
interesting seeing them adapt to once in
1994 when they got reintroduced to
Yellowstone seeing them readapt to the
whole west and really expand and
gentleman I know yeah it's rising we
were talking recently about Wyoming
there was this one surplus killed these
wolves had run across a bunch of cows
elk cows and they did kill like 18 of
them he's killed them just slaughtering
yeah they just they got they caught him
I think in high snow they could
get away and so these wolves just one
after another just killed them all and
didn't even eat them it goes like this I
think it's good practice and also think
well it's snowy out they probably
figured look we'll come back to this
yeah and leave it in the pile office
your yeah it's that whole nothing ever
goes to waste I suppose if they don't
eat it right grizzly eats it if the
grizzly don't eat it birds are a Badgers
there's something eating it yeah that's
a fact yeah an animal like I mean even
if a hunter hits an animal and doesn't
recover it that it's not going to wait
that's right everyone everything goes
back to the earth I think we've spoken
about this before you know what the
world's ultimate predator like
everything's fuel in the world you know
the growth on the earth yeah really is a
just a fascinating cycle when you're out
there and you realize that it doesn't
care about 4G or CDs or called Forte's
shit I remember when 4j was good 3G yeah
that's a good one yeah yeah well you're
out there in the woods and you're doing
these live streams or these these
Instagram stories how are you how are
you hooking up when you're out some of
them are saved so some of them are like
I think that last year and I did the
solo hike for the autumn land like the
Northern Territory of Australia that was
like 13 days of like I think where every
day I was still documenting it but it
wasn't until that I got back into
civilization that I was uploading at
each day so when you do it on your phone
it just saves it on the phone I'm just
filming it in the normal camera mode
it's and then uploading it but a lot of
places especially here in the u.s. when
you're up high like usually I've got hot
decent reception I'll do a little bit of
research what's the best provider in the
area a te you know Verizon whatever it
is and I'll end up getting a SIM card
for that you know provider and then
usually if I'm up high it's not too bad
but it just depends where you are like
that's absolutely see nothing at all so
yeah there's no Northern Territory
Australia like Arnhem Land like nothing
at all yeah what about satellite you
can't upload data really well from
satellite oh yeah that's the issue and
if you could you'd want to be free
in rich because it would charge you an
arm and a leg mmm yeah yeah I saw these
things at REI you put them on your
backpack it's like an extender I got ya
and it's somehow or another extends your
cellphone range I used to use them back
in the olden days so they're legit the
ones in Australia were they'll 3G like
Telstra 3G they provide a back home now
pretty good we could have like a big
antenna and hanging off your back and
I'm not that into it
yes wasn't that bad it was like the size
of this caveman man yeah pretty small
yeah it would just clip on and I don't
remember exactly the mechanism behind it
that'd be handy if I'm just trying to
communicate with home I've got like a
Garmin in reach
mmm sort of thing and you can do you do
texts off your phone because it like
actually goes into your phone but as far
as data goes it's too slow to do
something like insta stories right right
well one day what wasn't it a Mark
Zuckerberg wasn't he trying to like put
satellites in space to make internet for
the whole world yeah it feels like we
need it they stopped doing that once
Congress I know what I know for sure one
of them they had in a one of the Tesla
rockets that went up that exploded I
pretty remember one didn't make it or
something like that
yeah a spacer and they had stuff in that
one I believe I don't think that's
ruined it but it probably put a big like
halt on them yeah that makes sense I
always think how you can be so much
unorganized now like with work and stuff
because of where phones and that are but
I remember like in the construction
industry that morning that you left to
work you had to be highly friggin
organized because there wasn't if you
had to go back to a payphone if you
wanted to call some I know I wanted to
do that especially from a work site that
um now it's just that whole I just
remember when emails come on the phone I
was like holy shit I can save some time
now like that was a massive breakthrough
for business being able to do that and
then but it's also nice to step away
from that every now and then like some
hunts I'm really looking forward to
going to because there isn't any
reception you know and you get away from
me my husband us work phone calls all
the shit's just your nature you know
yeah
it's sort of nice to be like that but
just even life
we're all spending too much time on our
phones too much time being connected and
two of my friends Ari Shaffir and Bert
Kreischer hired companies to take over
the social media
yeah they don't they don't look at their
social media at all what they do is
they'll post something by sending it to
them like say if he has a tour coming up
like hey you know I'm gonna be in
Sacramento blah blah blah he sends it to
them they take that they put it up he
doesn't see it at all
he doesn't doesn't pay attention to a
second of it that sort of hands no yeah
I'm thinking it does you know I've been
better at it over the last like a couple
months than I ever have before but just
leaving the phone alone yeah you're not
touching it and just hanging out yeah
I'll do certain posts where I don't even
look back on it just like posted the
contents out there people want to look
at it they can look at if that I want to
look at it change the channel gone look
at something different but then every
now and then there's one that I like to
look at the engagement with and stuff
like that which is good yeah but you
know there's always like there's 10%
fuckwits out it's true there's like 10%
so but how many followers you got like
how many people would tune into an
Instagram post of yours each day I don't
know mister guess I have a couple
hundred thousand at least I have 5.5
million Instagram files
so say one percent of them wakes up on
the wrong side of the day just one
percent wakes up on the wrong side of
the bed and wants to be fuckin Malfi
that morning that's a lot of people and
then your post is the first post they
see you like you're gonna get some shit
there and you know we're all ignorant if
we think that everyone's just gonna get
a lot like that's never gonna fucking
happen is it and it's never happened but
I feel like it's getting worse
really yeah because there's you can't
punch someone in the face anymore
like it's true if someone gets Malfi
especially in Australia was only going
back so many years ago someone gets
mouth but you confront them and if they
want to go at it it's go at it I'll get
in trouble if I do that now yeah you
know you're the one that gets in trouble
even though they're being a smartass now
you're the one that gets in trouble so
you can't do that and people know that
something it mal fear there's no
repercussions for calling someone a
Khanh on Instagram that's true like I'm
not in favor of people running around
punching people but I am I do like the
way it turns out I do people realize
let's imagine bait like when you were in
school and say you don't get along with
someone and they get mouthy and then you
have a fight you usually ended up
friends after it a lot of times a lot of
the times you ended up friends over or
math beef yeah yeah but a lot of the
times that was just sorted out then and
it was done yeah you know and then other
people knew not to talk shit yeah well
it's a weird thing like when you see UFC
fights with guys fucking hate each other
and they beat the shit out of afterwards
I can either hug in and yeah yeah it's a
weird thing with men yeah
like sometimes you just need to get it
out of your system yeah I don't get
fucking it's primal it's like human
nature it's definitely too easy to be
shitty to people mmm it's too easy
and people do it's also so new the other
thing is so new I mean any kind of
internet interaction is only twenty
years old mmm that's it yeah basically
24 years I think I think I was online in
94 and it was like a 56k modem it was
slow as shit
my 9 be in 56k it might have been 14 4
and it was uh you know where you would
use it through the phone line it was
great back then like this is amazing we
thought it was the most incredible thing
I remember I showed up to news radio one
day the sitcom that I was on and I
couldn't wait to tell these people about
how I got online last night I was
downloading all these things and
printing them I was printing up it was
all about UFOs I was really into UFOs
back then and I was uh reading all these
files about UFOs like government reports
about UFOs I'd somehow not have found
some I don't know what the fucker was a
message board or something that I was
such a big deal it would take so long to
download one piece of paper like one
piece of paper that was filled with text
would take like 30 seconds to download
yeah crazy that's crazy
and now we're here and I'm lucky if I've
got 3G
for bottom like what the fuck yeah I
know you're mad yeah it's like this is
so slow
well the what's uh you know tone your
kids or about the Virtual Reality setup
that we have back there that disturbs me
that disturbs me it doesn't disturb me
that you know it's bad for you anything
that's so fun and it's so immersive and
I know and I know where it's going hmm
I'm like it's gonna keep getting better
and better just like it was 30 seconds
to download just a simple piece of paper
filled with text you know 20 years ago
20 years from now that is gonna look
like crayons Oh totally I mean but that
is you got to put that thing on your own
freak out there some archery games too
there yeah it's pretty cool you actually
have it's called haptic feedback so as
you draw the bow back you actually feel
like a vibration handling yep yep and
then you let go like that Clint Tesla
suit Jesus Christ Tesla yeah it's not
the same company but there's calling it
that fuck you other company Tesla suit
unveiled at CES 2019 takes virtual
reality to new heights yeah they're
gonna have haptic feedback suits is that
what it is yeah there's like 68 sensors
in there and you know supposed to feel
like up to the grain I guess you girls
gonna have a haptic feedback one of them
artificial machine guys this you get
shocked
no but there's a couple of different
things this is just a test but she takes
like a hard front kick to the chest here
what's yeah I mean I don't know how it
felt to her that suit okay let's see
hard front kick to the chest
hot explosion right here
hot explosion oh do I really want to try
yes I do
[Laughter]
what is a boxing game that you can play
it's really cool and the boxing game you
you see this guy in front of you like a
big 3d cartoon really but really cool
graphics and when he punches you the
whole screen goes bright it makes you
nervous yeah yeah like when I'm sparring
with him and he he punches me I'm like
oh Jesus gonna get my hands up I feel
like oh and you get exhausted because
you're moving around you're punching
just it's harder believe it or not to
punch air than it is to punch something
oh definitely yeah yeah you get tired ya
get tired easier throwing your hands at
this thing and you know you're and then
she goes down your feet hurt from moving
around
squeaking around the floor I'm really
interesting yeah yeah so there's for
sure going to be a weird world for our
kids
mmm when they get to be you know our age
yeah the world is gonna be
unrecognizable yeah I feel like it's
taken the edge off things too it has at
it it really takes the edge off things
like you haven't actually done that like
you haven't actually climbed Everest but
I sort of have I did it in a virtual
reality game and not really though not
really like you didn't have your life
wasn't it sank yeah
I've been actually talking about this on
stage that I'm worried about this I'm
worried about people being able to have
experiences that they didn't earn you
know like if if someone if there's a
virtual reality game where you you play
it and all of a sudden you're in a
NASCAR and you're you know you're
winning some gigantic race you're in the
driver's seat and you're moot shifting
the gears and you mean feels like you're
like indiscernible from feeling like
you're winning a race that's gonna
happen again they're gonna be able to do
all these different things and it's
gonna it's gonna make people more and
more dependent on technology and weaker
and weaker weaker and weaker that's how
I feel too yeah yeah it's like it's like
going to the gym and working out and
getting all these muscles but then
moving away from any manual labor
yeah I mean and not I'm not saying don't
be fit but I'm saying if you're building
their muscle
fucking use them is true there's a lot
of guys that go to the gym and they'll
work out hard for 45 minutes an hour to
gym but make them work a construction
site yeah they carry lumber all day and
dig they'll be fucking complaining there
for protein shakes and the real problem
is gonna be sex yeah
that's the real problem you gonna be
able to put those things on have sex
with anybody you want
like anybody Scarlett Johansson oh it's
fucking weed sir they're already doing
these things where they face swap with
computers so they take beautiful
actresses and they put their face on
porn stars bodies and it's hard to tell
man I mean it looks like a sex tape with
a famous actress that's disturbing it is
disturbing though the jogger everyone
sure there is so um there is no not we
mentioned about the gayest thing that's
ever lived but I think the real worry is
that not just like see it but do it yeah
like you're gonna be able to like the
matrix you're gonna be able to put this
on and you're gonna be able to like this
haptic feedback suit that's just one
step eventually they're gonna figure out
a way to make your body feel it and then
you're gonna be gonna be able have sex
two people done yeah yeah like anybody
you want okay you're never gonna have to
be nice to people again yes everybody's
gonna fuck you you know that's one what
am i my point was kind of on stages that
like one of the reasons why it's hard
like it's hard to have sex with people
like you have to plan it out I mean it's
not that hard but it's you know you have
to agree that you like each other you
know you have to hope that she likes you
and you like her or whatever and there's
you develop your personality like to get
people to like you more yeah that way
it's more likely be a nicer person you
get rewarded for that you realize oh
it's nice to be a nice person and then
it actually makes you a nicer person if
you don't have to do that yeah in the
future we're gonna be able address this
my intronic Kate hi Janie can be nice
and then yeah everyone just turns into a
fucking slob because they're gonna sleep
with some pretty actress anyway oh yeah
and in that virtual reality they're
gonna look like Ryan Reynolds anyway
you're gonna have a full six-pack and
look beautiful and then other people
gonna meet you in there
they're also gonna be pretending you're
gonna have some disgusting human beings
and then in that world they're gonna be
perfect yeah but then to be people like
me that I'm like now I'm traditional
yeah I sleep a real real my wife real
humans yeah is that that's gonna be
old-school Dan really riding a bike like
it's crazy yeah I just I posted a photo
video actually which is like seven
hundred images stacked together at at
Joshua Tree I saw that yeah and it's
like the Milky Way cruising past but
then there's just the air traffic dude
is insane it's just like constant ya
know I'm like anyone looking in this
must already look like the future you
know that's look so futuristic already
and I'm like well it sort of is maybe
this like we're living in it now here it
is yeah so the air traffic now is at
about this point here look at them all
just back and forth and that's all air
traffic none of that is Astra nope every
bit of that air traffic wow that's such
an amazing yeah it wasn't until the
camera stopped early hours of the morn
that is and for anybody this is Adam dot
Green Tree on Instagram and you still
have your photography page yeah there's
man image at first man you made first
dot man image and these are some amazing
photos yes that's right that's about 300
photos stacked together so you actually
get a star trial that's in Australia so
that's the southern star you know that
middle point so that's like the South
and then if you go back to if you go
back to Adam Dahl green tree Jaime that
one if you go back to like that star one
that's the North Star so that was pretty
cool so once taken from Australia we got
the southern star which is like you know
the turning point and then this is from
America like Joshua Tree there
California and that's like the Northern
Star I think Joshua Tree is closed down
right now because of the I don't know
people like did the federal shutdown
affect you at all nah no I didn't even
know about it until you mentioned it
just and yeah it's uh it's gonna be a
while to really yeah they I think didn't
they shot down Joshua Tree because
poor we're gonna shutting there were
chopping trees down it wasn't just
because of the trash that's what started
because the trash and then over like
last week people were actually going in
and like chopping some trees down like
June
so assholes yeah right so they was
sawing there was signs up that it was
closed and I wasn't actually canting
Joshua Tree itself I was like out of the
tourist section just off the side of the
road where I could but someone was
saying about you know that the
government or whatever the federal
government you know we've all the trash
but the federal government's not leaving
the fucking trash there that's people
signature trees are among the shutdown
Wow there's only a few trees in Joshua
Tree
these people were chopping them down
just to be dicks because they know
there's no one there
they probably don't they're just
probably trying to be assholes god damn
it and that is feel Joshua trees a
massive place to it says there it's
larger than Rhode Island yeah it's
beautiful once you get it out of there
that's a real you know this is the thing
about people that don't spend much time
in the wilderness and don't appreciate
the wilderness they don't they don't
they just well they're not connected to
it they don't understand so I heard a
bunch of people in the city cuz you know
I spent the last five six days here in
no lace you know and the bad whoever's
come in they're like oh this is
disgusting weather and I'm like fuck no
the bush is loving this well the Earth's
lovin is she's need rain especially
after all these horrible fires that you
had like rains a good thing they're just
so complaining yeah it rains out here
literally 10 days a year
yeah yeah 10 days a years normal yeah I
mean it might be exaggerating I might be
exaggerating but slightly yeah slightly
yeah like I wouldn't I don't imagine it
rains more than 50 days a year out here
yeah crazy I think that's no that's not
exaggerated instead is probably about
right yeah that's I've lived here let's
say I'd be a little more at the drought
time but let's take a guess how many
days a year on average does it written
la I'm gonna say 25 25 days a year 16 16
I bet you're right that's 2 per month
that's a lot yeah but sometimes it's a
bunch together like this is like seven
already so far in the last week and a
half let's bet on I'll bet you that
Kanye I doll no fucking way bro Oh
shoutout to
shout out the plasti so that's cool this
dope ass Kanye West doll says rain days
is 35 damn 35 Wow
you'll closer you can keep I know this
is it's tough to get a good I have like
every 84 sunny days per year just means
yeah I don't know 39 inches per year hmm
tough to figure that out 39 inches per
year's not a lot though so that but the
problem is it's California right it's
like Northern California fucking rains
every day mmm if you go like near the
redwood forest that's a that's a rain
forest yeah yeah yeah constantly we
spent some time up in medicine oh it's
beautiful
no I far the ocean you know fucking
trees are so big they're stupid
yeah any trees as big as this room yeah
a 2000 year old tree yeah you're in a
desert stretch yeah yeah a thousand year
old tree is like a normal tree up there
yeah yeah I've noticed around the city
there's a lot of Australian natives like
gum trees and eucalyptus and stuff like
yeah yeah they must have been imported
at some point just realize I do well in
the harsh conditions well you know the
palm trees is sort of the Hollywood
signature treeoche it's from Hawaii yeah
but it's so funny that like that's sort
of indicative of what California is like
we don't we don't have a real yeah you
know just the diversity I mean
everything comes from somewhere else
here there's no like native Los Angeles
people you meet one of those you know
like whoa you're a test-tube baby oh
yeah
rockin Disneyland ooh yeah
what's it like wandering around there
that's hectic so especially like because
everything I do is like wilderness and
out look at that fine like that's not an
issue but I don't like it just because I
adapt doesn't mean I like it but um
Disney's a different place like I went
in there yesterday like fucking dress as
a man you know jeans on a flannelette
shirt you know and a camo cap and
walking around and then the kids talked
me into go onto that what's the splash
mouthwash me and my oldest is like
sitting the front that is
that there's a place you'll you won't
get so wet in the front and I'm like
okay cool I jumped in the front and we
come down and like I'm fucking yelling
so my mouth is open dude I know he
fucking drowned I still owed that much
water I'm like fuck I've got AIDS for
sure fuck
so a whole gollup went in my mouth I can
soak me drench me and then it was cold
dude it come over go
so I've walked around Disney for the
morning thinking like look at these
fucking fruit loops and the way that
dress and all the Disney clothes not
only clothes you can buy in this fucking
Disney clothes
yeah I'm wearing it was pajama pants
we're fucking Mickey Mouse's head all
over them this fucking this shirt that's
got Disney fucking written all over it
fucking walking around they're like I
fitted perfectly in after that and it's
like fucking actually look like fucking
who's the owner of Disney Walt Disney if
I can shot his load alone Mickey Mouse
and sheet alone me
we were there the other day they have
warming stations set up outside of
Splash Mountain well you can step into
this like it looks like a phone booth
and you get warmed up but it costs money
yeah everything costs money Indies yeah
but yeah I'm like Jesus Christ you can't
get people wet no charge them to dry
already and brutal yeah I I think it's
all fucking beautiful skin it is but let
me touch it amazing place is a hundred
percent my kids went mental on those
rides have you been to Florida yet yeah
six years ago I went to Florida when you
go to Florida again you got to go to
Disneyworld Disneyworld Disney World is
way better than yeah I think we went
there we end up going there once a it's
way better because Disneyland's pretty
amazing yeah but Disney World has the
best ride of all time they have this
avatar ride what is it called flights of
flight to pass on it and you ride one of
them avatar dragons it's all virtual
reality yeah you put these goggles on
and you climb on this thing that looks
like a motorcycle and it straps you in
place and what you're riding is one of
them giant dragons it's fucking
incredible this is the best ride of all
a bunch of friends there and I get text
messages back from like holy fucking
shit yeah yeah yeah there we go
yeah you feel the breeze you smell
things yeah you see these animals you're
flying over it's why I'm real that's all
HD whoo three-dimensional amazing god
damn it's good yeah now let's take the
hunting and well at the end of the day
Steve Rinella said it best this is uh
this is a quote that he said that I
think he was talking about someone else
told him this that there's two different
kinds of fun this fun that you have
while it's happening like you ride the
roller coaster it's fun but you don't
look back on that from now that was
amazing but then there's things that
suck while you're doing them like your
28-day trip in the Rocky Mountains
pointing a gun that you don't even know
has a jammed bullet in it yeah a grizzly
is charging at ya like that will be fun
for the rest of your heartily yeah yeah
you'll feel that when you bring it back
when you talk about it yeah there's like
shallow fun oh it's not some things are
just shallow but they cool to do it
there's nothing wrong with doing them
yeah but they're just they're not real
meaningful exactly and then the shit
that you do that's just really
meaningful you know it builds character
it's something that you always look back
on you know memories and shit but
there's feelings that you get when you
come back to where you appreciate things
like Kalin and I did this trip with
Rinella in Prince of Wales and we were
up there for we were supposed to be up
there I think for seven days but on the
sixth day a storm was coming in and so
we wound up bailing early because I had
a gig in two days and otherwise I would
have been stuck up there like you get
stuck it were raining every fucking day
and it didn't just rain every day it
rained all day every day
there was no it was like if you had a
break it was a five-minute break
yeah like well look at the Sun and then
pause yes real misery
so inside the tent I put my headlamp on
and there was see this is what fucks you
up you sit you think well when I'm
inside the 10 I'll be dry no no there's
no dry because the airs wet and when I
turn my headlamp on I realize the entire
inside of the tent was moisture
particles yeah floating around the air
and I was like fuck me I'm in this wet
pound bag and I'm looking around like
you're never gonna get dry bro that's
okay yeah you know he accept it
but then when we came home after the six
days and I took a shower and then I was
we were in the car and it was sunny out
I was like this is the best I've ever
felt I'm so happy I don't think you get
that happy unless you feel miserable
that's right yeah so you know the misery
in there oh you know the little things
that we take for granted in life
everyday like fucking Wow yeah yeah Kim
did this hike in Montana with men it's
just like it's like 14 miles and there's
just like not a flat bit of ground on it
it's just continually going up and it's
in the snow and she she had an issue
with the leg and anyway we got at the
top and we set up camp and it's been
miserable but even a fire there you know
like we lit the fire and she's fucking
smile and she's loving it you know and
then we come back to the trailer like
we're not even in a house he was just
traveling around like a Winnebago
trailer and we got back to the trailer
and you get to flick a light on and turn
the tap on it's hot water and she's just
like you know I've got a week goes by
and then you start taking that shit for
granted again some people you know
anyway you know oh yeah yeah you
certainly can but I think a guy like you
you're in the wilderness so often that
you know it's almost like you have a
permanent appreciation for yes oh it's
hardly yeah
I actually miss it I actually don't like
this side of life as much as that side
of life yeah I see it I get it I like
both
obviously I'd need I mean I make a
living in cities yeah yeah oh for sure
yeah that's what I do but but it's nice
to go ahead and dabble in it living it
and come back out of it I'm saying I
love it though those the the few hunting
trips that I get to do a year when I'm
out in the actual wilderness wilderness
like we're in the mountains of Utah elk
hunting I just like sitting down
sometimes just sit it just sit down take
it all in for a couple minutes I mean
even though you're in the middle of it
you're running around looking for L can
you hear him I just like oh it's the
best you start you start knowing
yourself you know ya know the
wilderness in the real world you know
it's like because you always say I see
you said on one of the podcast I don't
know if it was one with me or someone
else that it's so funny that we say the
outdoors because everything's outdoors
like fucking everything's under the
ceiling of the earth you know that's
what it really is yeah but it's so weird
that you don't really know the outdoors
unless you stay out in the wilderness or
something like that yeah unless you and
I think also being out there at night
out there at night by the campfire and
you hear things he just seems in the
campfire somehow or another seems to be
able to protect you
yeah most animals don't want to fuck
with campfire yes may I took Kim and the
kids we traveled around Australia and it
must have been the end of 2007 and early
last year and we camped out on the
Tanami desert which is like one of the
last places to really be discovered and
explored in Australia like there's
there's no artificial lights out there
at all like whatsoever and we camped out
on the desert no anything that was
around us was like dingoes and camels
like you'd hear moving for the night
camels yeah yeah but we sat there at
camp
I just had the mic my truck my you you
know with the camper on the back like
real lightweight setup and we sat there
no lights on the camper of it or
anything so you're sitting in the
pitch-black moonless night and the
media's dude like I reckon we counted 40
50 medias over like half hour an hour
just their naked I see an imperfect dude
sitting there with the family I'm like
this is this is the best like this is it
was so amazing just to sit there
especially with the kids and Kim as well
it's a little unnerving when you find
out how many times they enter the
atmosphere oh yeah there's a I think you
out there
yeah Jamie could probably look this up
but I think a hundred tons of media hits
the earth every single day 100 tonnes
dude but most of it enters in dust form
because it breaks up but so last year
I was up at my cabin just chilling out
by myself woke up in the morning needed
to do a Pierce walked out and I'm
looking up and this media come for
and it was so bright that it actually
lit up the ground dude like the most
incredible media that I've seen I had a
time-lapse photo going in the opposite
direction I quickly turned it around and
you see that the media's dust for like
it lasts for 25 minutes half an hour in
the in the camera and it's just drift
and changing shape in the atmosphere it
was insane Wow so it's just like every
now and then there's like a real good
one so then I started looking it up and
I seen one that wrecked a whole village
like in Germany or something like that
this asteroid comes through wreck and
shit that it didn't even touch but that
comes so close to it it blows the walls
and the windows out and everything I'm
like this is fucking scary we live on a
little speck that's like turning in one
of many galaxies you know my friend
Randall Carlson put it best he said we
live in the middle of a shooting gallery
isn't it insane it's just the time the
perspective of you know hundreds of
millions of years it doesn't seem it
doesn't register yes because we're only
around for a hundred years yeah yeah
yeah so when we look up and we see the
moon I mean the moon looks like a
fucking stop sign in the most janky
redneck town yeah you know people shoot
at signs just fucking shit yeah it's
just getting nailed all time especially
with no atmosphere yeah all those things
make it all the way through
nothing gets slowed down by the air or
burns up in the atmosphere isn't that
crazy
everything just slams into it yeah boom
boom boom magic being up there it must
be oh yeah all day long it must people
slamming things it was only uh I think
it was like ten thousand years ago there
was like a big bang like like a big
media hit hit the earth yeah and I
started looking into that and then I
started really looking into Aborigines
in Australia indigenous how long they've
been around for and stuff like that and
there's now evidence to say that they've
been around for 70,000 years they live
through like three of those big medias
hitting the earth you know like it's
crazy to think about like why didn't we
she had video cameras back to him you
know and they could have recorded them
we could look at it now like imagine
that well Randall Carlson the guy that I
talked about earlier he is a proponent
of this theory that this is what ended
the Ice Age
and he's got some pretty compelling
evidence to back it up in terms of like
massive massive fields filled with dead
woolly mammoths and died almost
instantly some of them with their legs
broken from the force of the impact
yeah he's you know it's really
interesting because he's a guy who I
don't think he has a degree in this
stuff but he's so well-read in it that
he has these debates and conversations
with peoples that do have these degrees
in it and he can tell them things about
it yeah and it's hard in those fields to
be taken seriously if you don't have a
PhD and whatever disel and it is but man
his his work on these things is so
compelling in the podcast that I've did
with them are just mind-blowing but in
terms of like the evidence it points to
some event that ended the ice age very
rapidly and caused the disintegration of
the polar of the the ice that was over
North America you know North America had
something like a mile-high plus sheet of
ice over the list of it ten thousand
years ago I think I was driving through
Wyoming and they've got all these signs
up in Wyoming that are really
interesting and it was there's a rock
formation that'll tell you how old that
rock formation is how it formed you know
cause like you know Rock usually embeds
in layers like this it's formed in
layers like this and then you'll see it
rock like that you know all the lines
like this there's some of them there
that are like hundreds of million years
old you know and there's a sign there
showing it and it's just it's incredible
to think how much the earth changed and
you just said it we're around for a
hundred years at a time max yeah you
know and it's just like we're dropping
the freaking ocean like even the whole
human race is a drop in the ocean
compared to like how old the earth is
and it's just crazy to think of it like
it's hard to comprehend that there was
that much ice over here because there's
none now yeah you know but it's been
that long you know and that's
yeah it's mind-boggling to think of well
this they find shells in Montana I found
some on top of friggin some big Mesa out
in the desert dude like there's no water
for miles and their shells there there's
there was like starfish fossilized in
the rock
send it to like coral bed you know and
that was like that was like the bottom
of the ocean that was a reef bed yeah
it's the Great Western inland sea
yeah they had sharks out there I'd say I
think they had megalodons in Montana
shit they find dinosaurs there all the
time wanted Dudley's friends and what
Dudley knows a guy who has a ranch out
there in Montana and he found a bone in
his and his ranch just maybe something
protruding from the ground and he wanted
someone to get a look at it so he got a
hold of some I guess what would you have
paleontologists oh yeah yeah they went
and they said you got a fucking t-rex
here bro holy sh t rex on your property
unbelieva yeah I think they gave a
million dollars for it really yeah this
is like a fully intact or close to
intact t-rex fire apparently monster
charities Colorado what you got there
Megalodon was found supposedly in Texas
Jesus Christ
what the fuck that's fucking great what
shocked boy that's a stupid movie the
meg the meg watch that shit I watched it
the other day yeah I could take what am
i stupid there wasn't just one there was
a bunch of them did you can you find out
him how much media yeah I have I was
struggling to find that and then I think
I found what you found
so it says here's from NASA's website
there's a hundred tons of dust and sand
sized particles every day hit earth
every day but every day doesn't it seems
like it would put the balance of the
earth off you know like it's you know
the main like oh we sand and shit back
out into space if we send in a hundred
tons of shit back out in the space every
day to off load this look at this every
two thousand years or so a meteor I
meteoroid the size of a football field
hits earth and causes significant damage
to the area that's very once everything
be in the next ten minutes an object
large enough to threaten earth
civilization comes along not just that
bigger than that impact craters on Earth
the moon or the planet or E but
planetary bodies are evidence of these
occurrences
yeah they don't even know you know
that's the the most buki thing like Neil
deGrasse Tyson
and said that we are decades away from
being able to do anything about one of
those things coming our way and I said
why the area think that like they could
stop it when it's happening is like not
happening he goes there's nothing you
could do
what about Armageddon birth the Mersey
Bruce Willis yeah we yeah yeah there's
people have a real distorted idea of the
technological capabilities in terms of
life first of all NASA is so under
budgeted they barely have enough money
to put you know satellites in orbit they
don't have enough money to stop coming
in I mean you know the amount of money
you would need is so fucking massive it
would take a cooperative joint effort of
every major country in the world yeah
it's such a force of nature and you know
a force of nature usually can't be
fucked with yeah scary well they're all
they can do all they think they could do
in the not even now but in the future is
move it off target slightly yeah yeah
somehow or another give it a bump send
it into Mars or something at a certain
distance and it completely misses yeah
approximate instead darkness nice white
for forever yeah it's scary space is
scary and you don't really see space
unless you're out there with no light
pollution you know the I don't think
people that don't camp or they don't go
you know you look up at night like last
night
well not last night but a couple nights
ago when it wasn't raining it was a
clear night and I saw quite a few stars
because there was no moon I was like wow
so pretty but it ain't shit but you're
not saying the volume of it yeah it was
photos you have yeah out of my farm you
can just sit there with the naked eye
and you can look right into those
there's so many stars it looks like a
dark spot of the Milky Way because you
can see so much of it you know you see
color in it and everything gets an
amazing spot now the color is weird
right what is the color what is that I
don't know I was I looked at some photos
of it oh not my own photo someone else's
photos and they will show on the like
the rori images and the color that was
coming out of these RAW images they look
like absolute pillars like painted
pillars dude yeah you know and it's I
don't know I don't know if it's a depth
funeral if it's something like that
Jamie but
go to atoms of that the first man
Instagram again like these this Emmett
like like the ones of oh look at that
one from BC go down one strip that that
one there that's what the Northern
Lights in it Wow but yeah that's so no
light pollution out there obviously oh
you saw the Northern Lights yeah see I
don't know you could see him in BC yeah
I thought you had to be in like Iceland
or something that was cool
I've seen him when I was in Northwest
Territories I was lighting up the ground
like and right in front of the eyes I
would just like dance and constantly
right in front of your eyes that was
awesome
in the Northwest Territories of
Australia no in Canada oh okay northern
territories of Australia right that's
what they call it yeah the West is yeah
okay
so where is it at the best though is it
the best place to see it in like Iceland
or some shit or Norway I don't know I
don't know I've seen it so I've seen it
in Northwest Territories I've seen it in
BC but I think we didn't say it in
Alberta when will there no no but I
think we had shitty weather wobbles yeah
it's got to be a crazy thing to see
though huh it's like green smoke in the
sky yeah if you go down a couple more
Jamie please there's the dead time
there's the farm go up one yeah hit that
one in the middle there Wow look at the
color in that one yeah that's amazing
and is that what kind of you have to do
something with the aperture well for
starters it's open for a longer right oh
it's gathering in more light you know
like the human eye you have to actually
lay there in the dark for a fair wall
and just like stare into that sort of to
get a good look at it how long is it
open to get that image that's like a 13
or 15 seconds oh wow yeah you can leave
it open for 30 seconds or you can put it
on like an actual jammed open for a long
time but it's way too much light for
what the farm has and you start getting
a lot of distortion as well that's such
a cool picture with the the cabin as
well the light coming out of the cabin
yeah isn't that crazy that there could
be infinite earth see out there yeah
that's what's crazy is that each one of
those is a Sun yeah
and most of them are bigger I mean
apparently our son is a little bitch-ass
son thank God for that otherwise it'll
be fraud we just have to be further away
yeah fuck but the big ones don't last
that long apparently our signs a good
one it's a it's like it's like a Toyota
Tercel fucking last Hilux we don't have
that over here yeah I like that the Como
yeah alex is like a small Land Cruiser
right yeah it is yeah yeah got a bunch
of wacky the cruise is probably better
I'm about to buy Land Cruiser that's the
Hilux they're the new Land Cruiser yeah
the tray back though so like a dual cab
so like five seats but it's got a tray
on it and then a tray you mean like a
pickup truck bed like a pickup truck bed
but we usually rip the the the one
that's on it off
we usually rip the trip the pickup truck
bed off because it's like it's bulky you
know there's not a lot of room in it
really usually rip that off and we'll
build a steel tray so it's like a whole
flatbed um you might call it a flatbed
and you can just feel a lot more on it
and it's a lot more rickety you know you
can throw firewood rocks on it whatever
the fun one well you guys have to have
vehicles that you could drive for like a
day before you hit a gas station if you
doing that EP doing those hunts that I
do yeah so one of the first things you
do is you rip off the fuel tank and you
put like an aftermarket fuel tank on it
that's usually like twice the capacity
yeah well you throw a second fuel tank
on it and go from there so I don't know
what are these in gallons but like say a
fuel tanks like usually 60 litres 20
gallons is what usually a fuel - yeah
yeah well then would double it to like
40 or 50 or 60 or something like that
right and because there's such a market
for it in Australia there's a bunch of
them that you buy ready that are ready
to mount onto your vehicle why is there
a market for that in Australia because
it's fucking hundred miles - anyway
that's why for drive-ins like different
in Australia as well you know it's like
so where my business is the nearest city
which is purse like 18 hours drive you
know know we feel teen
I don't wanna drive to the nearest city
yeah 18 hours 18 hours what is that
Jamie the slide too far but what would
it take us to get that's like Colorado
um
I've driven a cry of driven from Ohio to
here twice hold on 33 hours and 24 hours
get you from a Columbus to about
Amarillo Texas now 24 hours straight
driving straight driving like Western
Australia's like a massive state it goes
from the very top of Australia to the
very bottom of this drive does it feel
like when you get out of the car for 33
hours of driving sucks so bad one time
we ended at 4:00 in the morning right on
the Sunset Strip right at that hotel too
high it
why 5:00 in the morning but when you get
in LA at 4:00 in the morning you're
right into traffic again you're like
tired of shit you're like oh it's time
to go you gotta go cuz you're about the
wrecker at the end of the trip but your
palms your pump and Kanye the hallway
like it's a hellish drive and there's
just you know to some people that's
nothing the whole way but it's beautiful
country like if you're in the day
outback you yep you're like you're
staring out and you're happy the whole
time it's not a very popular thing to do
in Australia's to go out into the
outback and it is yeah between like full
drive and like touring enthusiasts and
like we call them the grey Nomad so like
older people that have retired with gray
hair like old mates be they're great
young Jamie ain't looking so young but
um a great nomad we call them you know
they'll get like a normal description
and right now in Australia so if I said
yeah we saw these grey nomads out there
people go okay yeah down at the gray
Nomad so no no yeah yeah but if you said
it went to the gas station like you see
anybody out there yeah yeah huh
yeah now do most people that would do
this do they are they just going out
there camping like just camping getting
getting a good you know influx of the
outdoor sort of thing you know getting
it here it seems like there is quite a
bit of hunting in Australia though like
particularly there is hunting seems to
be on the rise yeah it's just not really
promoted well except for
you know the boning community itself
whereas you come to AmeriCorps and
there's like towns with big sign up
saying welcome hunters you know it's
promoted Italy yeah it's not it's like
it's not part of our history in
Australia even though it is signs that
say welcome hunter in America having a
scene there yeah yeah there's none of
that so I think it is on the rise you
know and I think there's like this bit
of a trend at the moment you know go and
kill your own which is good I love that
well so specially because Australia has
so many non-native species that you can
hunt exactly yeah and I mean you don't
ever have to buy meat in Australia no no
do you ever buy meat if we're eating
chicken yeah yeah that's about it but
just to mix it up yeah the fridge is
full I fill all my friends fridges my
family's fridges
speaking of chicken what's that mountain
lion tastes like fucking delicious
that's why I keep hearing it's delicious
yeah and people get angry it's so
strange to me how angry people get if
you kill a mountain lion yeah because I
think they think that if you kill it
it's different than killing a deer or
something that's a normal thing to eat
yeah even more than a bear yeah yeah
they get more angry so kitty cat yeah
yeah I mean while that motherfucker will
kill you yeah I had a bunch of people
saying you know you shouldn't have
killed or don't see mountain lions like
I see deer I'm fucking no shit cuz have
you seen mountain like lines like you've
seen deer there'd be no deer mm-hmm it's
as simple as that
you know I don't know what the numbers
are but there's probably supposed to be
like one mountain lion for every 500
deer or something like yeah when there's
one a day yeah that's right
and they're a snaky creature you know
you're not supposed to see them they're
not like that listen you you could go
your whole life not seeing them and they
could be around you all the time yeah
that's a fact that you live in the
wilderness if you live in Montana or you
live in Colorado and you live in the
woods you might see one every few years
yeah you might not yeah few years and
they'll fucking everywhere yeah I'll see
prints all the time but I'll never see a
cat like I've actually never seen a cat
in the wall except for the one that I
hunt
and that's like that story I was telling
you before like it was eating a calf but
they typically kill a deer every single
day yeah you know so it's fucking deer
this the human brain allows us to manage
things in a certain way you know it's
like these biologists have put all this
study and research in the you know gone
okay you can hunt males in this area so
that's all I could hunt where I was I
could only shoot a male how do you know
it's a male well that's when the dogs
come in handy so like I've always met
I've never really wanted to hunt with
dogs because I'd like to do all the
hunting myself but there's a special
bond between the hunter and the dogs
when you're hunting that's for sure and
it was actually a really good experience
I really loved it but a lot of people
frown on using dogs but the best way to
to determine the sexes is the dogs will
track it and the line will take refuge
in a tree and then you can have a look
at of genitals and make sure it's a male
with binoculars yeah yeah well sometimes
if they're low enough you can tell if
the human eye so the first thing we
established was well it was the line I
wanted the line that had killed that
calf or was eating that calf alive we
end up getting a getting the rancher to
come in the end up putting the calf out
of its misery it couldn't be saved and
then we put the dogs back on that
mountain lion track and they chased him
about seven miles and they end up
training we got we marched in and hiked
into the tree and up determining that it
was a male and then man up shooting and
it wasn't really good death it was quick
but um if it was a female would have had
to have left it where we were some
states aren't like that and counties
aren't like that where it can be male
and female the population is too high
what they're trying to do in that part
of Colorado is just keep that might
mountain lion population healthy and how
they determine that was by shooting
males only that could change next year
they could have a rise in mountain lion
a decrease in the mule deer and other
animals so they might change that again
but we could only shoot a male so yeah
the problem in America particularly in
California where they outlawed hunting
with dogs is that the perception of
using a dog to go after an animal the
perception is that it's not fair mm-hmm
what people I mean this is gonna be hard
for some people especially animal lovers
to understand
but that is the only effective way to
hunt for mountain lions because there's
no way you're gonna sneak up on them
you're just now that truck you're not
gonna see that's where numbers start to
bloom and other animals like mule deer
and stuff start the Plumber which i've
heard a lot that's happening in
california is the mule deer population
just been decimated because there's no
control on the mountain law exactly well
they do have control the mountain lions
but only government employees killed in
the mountain kill ironically the same
amount of mountain lions they were
killing when they were high he's insane
it's insane but instead of people paying
money to do it and getting retires back
in the conservation and getting to eat
the mountain lion which i know again
people like what are you talking about
eating mountain lion I'm telling you
folks
I haven't eaten one but I'm telling you
and you said it brunella said it's one
of the most delicious animals he's ever
eaten yeah I wanted to bring you some
but it's actually illegal to bring it in
to California good thing we always abide
by the law dramatically and then one day
I'll try it yeah so then I've cooked it
up and I'm feeding it to Kim yeah and I
was cooking chicken as well just in case
her and the kids didn't like it I had
chicken on the grill as well and I
served the mountain line first and now
we're eating the mountain lion and I'm
like what do you think of it and she's
like ice I've got the chicken and I'm
like no you don't you've got the
mountain lion and it was delicious dude
it's tenderized I felt like it was a
taste between like chicken and pork or
chicken and even venison like I found it
right in the middle there it's delicious
and I'm not saying everyone should go
and hunt a mountain line because you
can't do that but there's certain places
that you can go eat a tag for the
benefit of Wildlife and go on hunting me
on the line people just have a hard time
with the idea that you are somehow
another helping to control the
population by killing an animal that
kills other animals yeah yeah they would
rather let nature take its course but
what so even if like like let's go to
Africa now even if the lion population
way outweighed something and was running
it to extinction these people would want
to see it back and just let that happen
and it's like humans have got a brain
capacity that allows us to study input
research into an animal
that's like actually what would be more
healthier for the whole ecosystem would
be if we come in and hunt these animals
and what we'll do is we'll charge people
a certain tag fee to be able to do that
and we'll put that back into
conservation which will help this animal
and there's just this beautiful healthy
ball that keeps turning yeah for the
people that know it they respect it and
they appreciate it you know people like
backcountry hunters and anglers and all
these different organizations Rocky
Mountain Elk Federation a lot of
different organizations they have the
United States that really appreciate
what they're doing to promote that that
that idea here in America but people
that don't hunt and don't don't go into
them it took me years to kind of wrap my
head around it and really truly
understand it and become educated yeah
as to how it works a wildlife biologist
set these standards and do it based on
healthy populations and how much time
they spend doing surveys and analyzing
the population how important it is to
you know that these reports and hunters
send in to wildlife organizations and
the Department of Fish and Game
it's really interesting and I'm not a
blanket killer even because I understand
where those people are coming from as
well yeah we need a certain amount of
that because it could go the opposite
way where it's like let's just go out
and hunt everything can right not the
case if something's not in a good
healthy population I'm not interested in
hunting that overall myself of course
ya know I want to see these animals stay
here for forever I want my kids kids
kids kids to be able to see those
animals in good healthy healthy
population
yeah like when I hear about limited
entry tags for like like for moose or
something like that because a small
number and they'll let a certain amount
of people whoa what fuck yeah what is a
tally
no I'm a slob that's why the towels here
I fucking spill everything I've ruined
two laptop at least right at least two
laptops during the show it's angry
that's like it's angry
America's dangerous yes fucking kombucha
if I found out like like in some places
they have a small amount of moose and
they'll let you hunt a moose but it has
to be like one moose and has to be over
50 inches and like I'm out
yeah I don't want to shoot that moose
how many of them are there there's 200
of them walk out of here my shoot not
interested no what if what if the winter
comes and kills a bunch of a fight which
happens what if wolves move in happy yes
and that's why these tag limits and that
change from year to year as well like
I've seen them constantly change because
they'll do their research or the kill
wasn't big enough last year all the
winner was too harsh and you know they
start limited in tags yeah that's very
sad think in most cases in most cases
we've got it right yeah I think so too
which is one of the reasons why one of
my favorite places to hunt is alone I
fucking see little demons that just jump
out why arrow is constantly it's crazy
of an animal that evolved to get away
from Tigers you can't believe how fast
those guys and delicious yeah you think
it's a it's it's kind of a weird
coincidence that the fastest animal you
can hunt is also the most delicious yeah
totally yeah yeah yeah like it's kind of
weird
yeah because they are delicious they
learn to move faster I think a deer so
you know we say jump the string like
when you shoot like the deer here's the
bow go off or something like that and we
call the jump the string which you'll
know about this but a lot of people want
they don't jump out of the string when
they miss your arrow that actually drop
to bound away so they drop load up their
legs and then Jen jump you know but it's
actually the drop that's when you
usually miss them
well that moves at over 1,300 feet per
second a really good bow shoots at about
300 feet per second in a hunting
situation so you can't beat them
1313 hundred feet per second that's how
fast they start dropping
that's insane yeah well the thing about
access deer as opposed to any other
animal I've ever hunted is they don't
just jump the string they get out of the
way yeah like a whole body link their
guns like yeah like you have to date
they have to not know you're there yeah
yeah like the first one that I killed
this season had no idea was there no
idea no idea was there and there's a
nice wind so when that arrow hit him he
was quartering away when that hit him he
had no idea it was coming
and yeah the perfect yeah it was
our trip or do that one yeah that was
when I got out of the car and I saw 115
minutes don't ya big velvet head yeah
yeah so I try and it's the same with
fellow deer back in Australia like
they're really fast off the mark I'll
try and shoot him when they're busy you
know when they've got other noise happen
and they're raking their antlers they're
stepping forward or something like that
and the few that I shot in lanai one was
scruffing with another buck so he was
all busy and he didn't move at all and
it pegged him the other one was in high
winds in the grass and had the grass
like moving around it and he didn't move
and then the third one was on a really
still day and I actually aim for his
heart and he dropped and I end up
hitting in double lungs you know it's
just they're so quick it's like you need
to come even right at the moment when
you're like I'm going to shoot just like
you need the wait for something extra to
happen hmm you know yeah well it's a
great place to get accustom to stalking
and and hunting animals with a bow the
opportunities are so many yeah you blow
on your luck I'll move on to the next
one there's twenty thousand deer and
three thousand people a tiny little
island yeah did you did you ever go out
at night in a car when you see the
inside of the road I think what I think
I was in the car with you and there was
like 400 coming across the road and it's
just like all these little eyes just
cool it didn't even make sense and they
hire people to go in there with sniper
rifles and just take them out one after
another it's crazy yeah and then
something that's always got to me so
like one of the property owners that
lives beside my property where I hunt
he'll go out and caused irreversible
they classified in those game animals
for a year or a couple of years now they
just declassify them because the numbers
are just exploding so you can shoot them
on the lights you can you can do
anything you can feed them you can bathe
them you can do whatever you want wow
they just want to get rid of them yeah
and so this guy he raises cattle and so
that's what he has he'll go out at night
and he'll shoot these deer and just
leave them right where they lay not take
any meat off him or anything but then
kill one of his own cattle to fill his
freezer or in fridge and the first time
he'd actually
eating venison was when I shot a I shot
a deer on his property and I cut it up
and I actually gave it to him that was
the first time he'd ever eaten venison
deer and I'm like John you like killing
your own cattle these delicious meats
hidden right there there's this wild
resource and it's renewable because they
fuck each other they breed yeah and so
he's eating his own cattle and selling
them yeah another thing is this another
way that I've always looked at it is
these wild animals are there whether you
like it or not they're there why place
another cow or another sheep in the
paddock to put strain on the landscape
if you especially if you eat in your own
why not just go and shoot a deer it's a
wild animal and you're doing the
ecosystem a service by doing it and
there are some of the most healthy
animals uh very delicious they're super
healthy for you they're so rich in
vitamins and nutrients and protein and
the tape I prefer it for everything yeah
I really do
yeah and it's not just the taste it's a
whole feeling thing like I went and got
this I earned this I killed this I know
where this comes from you're attached to
it we're spoken about it before but when
you get meat that's served in a package
at the supermarket that goes through
past hundreds and hundreds of people's
hands and breaths and stuff like that
you know and it's just like having sex
with Scarlett Johansson in the virtual a
guy that's the next detachment
that's it fucking it's gonna be made
better mate it's gonna be sex that's the
next attachment well there's these
people that are making artificial meat
now or not just artificial shouldn't say
artificial it's real meat but it's meat
that's made in a lab and that's that I
don't know what they're calling an
ethical mean or whatever the fuck
they're calling it but it's the future
of meat production and you know this is
making animal rights people very excited
because they're basically gonna have
just lab me that's so fuckin yeah so you
know it's gonna happen no more cows no
more domestic pigs and I'm the shit that
they love like the reason that cows
there is because there's a demand for
meat so that cow gets a life because
there's meat right no one's gonna let
these cows and sheep and domestic pigs
and shit run around on their landscape
and take out real estate if there's no
market for them or pigs are the weirdest
one because pigs like my friend Whitney
Cummings she
adopted a pig that what she hid that pig
I think it was from the fire right
yeah and she actually wound up driving
it to Texas she drove in her car 24
hours she's a fuckin maniac when it
comes to animals I think her and her
fiance drove to Texas with this fucking
pig to drop it off at this pig shelter
and damn dude when you she's with that
pig that thing is like a dog it might as
well be my dog yes is like hanging out
there intelligent animal yeah but when
they get loose and they're out in the
wild boy they fucking breed three four
times a year they'll have big piles of
piglets and those piglets will
distribute everything for everything too
devastating to plants and ground nesting
birds animals everything everything in
front of them they're pigs yeah and I
hate them no I gotta hate them I love
pigs I think they're an unknown animal
pot the bigger picture is I need to be
controlled they can't go out there and
just ruin the you know ecosystem like
that
well there's you're seeing in Texas
Texas is probably in the United States
is the biggest example of what happens
when or the best example of what happens
in these feral hogs are just completely
out of control
they just devastate these agricultural
farms yeah they have these farms and
they're just getting destroyed yeah I
mean it's all the wildlife I've a wild
life as well because I eat frogs and now
lean lizards now yeah anything that's on
the ground that's edible thou ADA yeah I
wrote an article years ago it was called
killer at the pass it was a place in
Australia and the the property owners
like the ranch has called me up and they
said you need to come out and shoot some
of the foxes like they're devastating
our lambs and I end up going out there
and when I was driving in with the
forward drive at night it was the high
beams on I seen this massive big black
and white boy walking between the flock
of sheep with a lamb in its mouth it was
this pig and it got a taste for meat and
it happens all the time like so a big
boy especially a mature animal will get
a taste for meat in harsher conditions
and they'll just stick the meat after
that and ain't no catching up with this
pig the next morning and shot it with
the bow
it actually attacked me with the first
shot wasn't perfect and it charged me
and I end up like stabbing it to death I
was on a slope like this on the mountain
cheese and it was really a battle like
for any he end up hooking the bow out of
me hand cuz when he charged me I put an
arrow on and shot and just went down one
side and like hit one lung and it just
infuriated this boy and he was on me and
when I was fending him off with the bow
he stuffs went into the bottom limb of
the bow or the cam or something like
that and ripped the bow out of me hand
and I end up getting me knife off me and
end up like stabbing his Pig was like
trying to run me over holy shit how big
was it it was a big boys like big
meeting it made Aiden boy like this and
like how many pounds you know I fucking
big that's how many pounds 300 probably
not 300 mountain boys just get real
solid yeah probably 200 or something
like that and anyway I end up stabbing
this thing to death and when I end up
cutting it open its whole insides like
its whole stomach was like lambs hocks
like the feet the bottom of the feet
where they can't swallowing skulls and
just like little bits of wool and stuff
like that we've just been going around
and just picking these lambs off and
killing them yeah and it's a really
known occurrence in Australia now that
if things get harsh I'll just go know
just because they're they're just
absolutely ruthless they'll just walk
right between the Sheep and just fucking
grab a limb walk off of it children up
and eat up by anyway first thing in that
morning that I found was a pig spew and
it was like this fucking spew like this
and it was the same as lambs hocks and
with a special vomit oh you notice a
spew in America yeah you do but I wasn't
I thought maybe it meant something else
to you yeah what fucking spew on Mike
yeah spew I spewed out yes that's why
having that Disney yesterday you told me
so they just threw up bones just throw
up bones and stuff that I couldn't
digest but yeah in a lamb killer
destructive animal and they're so
ruthlessly efficient in terms of like
how much food they get so a deal will
walk along and it will pick you know
this it will just pick the tops off
grass and the grass regrows you know a
pig will go through and eat that grass
and it'll turn it over and eat the roots
and everything
well coaches causes a lot of erosion and
then there's no regrowth because there's
no roots in there cuz they're greedy
pigs they're greedy pigs there you go
you know they're the number one cause of
death on farms really yeah apparently
with domestic animals people falling
into pig pens and just into them they
just they just devour and you know when
you're dealing with these giant domestic
pigs they get fucking you massive yeah
hundreds of pounds yeah in like Western
New South Wales when times get tough
which is like seems to be fuckin all the
time now but um they'll get so desperate
like you'll shoot a pig you're going for
it for the farmer and you're just
shooting them you're not even really
taking any meat often because they're
like they're connote they they're eatin
meat their self and they're like skin
and bones and disgusting it's more of
like a cull mission and you'll come back
in the afternoon that pig will be
completely skin and bones because the
other pigs just get in there and just
and you'll hear them you'll just hear
him just screaming that's the most
god-awful sound there is the
cannibalized
they cannibalize yeah I was in to hone
ranch and we were walking by this really
high grass a grass like five foot high
and you we were only like maybe ten
yards away from these pigs fighting and
then and I said to Rinella I said no
come on man
if you didn't know those are pigs if I
told you there was demons in that grass
you would you something yeah yeah yeah
it was great
but it sounded like Lord of the Rings it
sound like some horrific scene no
monster movie yeah it sound like a or it
really did mean there's there it's just
how is that the same animal as those
cute little things that Whitney Cummings
is yeah yeah because the one that she
had was like all fluffy and sitting in
her bed cue loving it did she taught it
how to go outside was it a cake me pig
no it was a pig that was the other thing
she told me apparently those little pigs
are not real all they are is just
underfed
yeah that's pretty fucking that's fucked
up like when those people have those
little tiny pigs she's like that's not
real yeah they're just oh it's a baby
pig it's a tiny little pig it's just
gonna stay tiny No
if you don't feed it will stay tiny it
about where now remember when they had
the kittens in the jars I think it was a
Japanese thing or something what you
never seen that no they had the they
like a little glass jar and they'd have
a cat in the glass jar I think I think
they're always fake but people will
advertisement like this is how you can
have your cat holy fuck look that up
James that's real there you go no they
photos ones that's fake oh look at that
thing's eyes okay some of those look
real so is it just for fun there's okay
they just for fun no I thought there was
some real ones with I had to lead on
them and everything well you can
guarantee something you go those fuckers
that I've got they face blurred out they
apologize for stuff and kitten in a jar
sorry yeah yeah yeah people are capable
of incredible cruelty yeah that's why we
need divert into things that's why I say
I can understand it you know you need
that other like I'm not extreme where
I'm just like hun everything but I'm
sure there's a few people out there like
that I've never met them where they just
like kill everything then you need the
other extreme where it's like no all
animals that sacred don't touch any
animals you know they can't be killed
you know and then try and find that
middle ground where you're like well
that's fucking ridiculous and that's
ridiculous
this is where I am I couldn't agree more
I think that's a perfect way to put it
yeah yeah I think I think a lot of those
animal rights people they it comes from
a good place
mmm yeah that's how I feel too they care
about animals it comes to a good place
but their understanding of population
control and wildlife management and just
the reality of human beings it's just
they just don't think they're getting in
with the mountain lion thing one of the
things they found with mountain lions in
California is that almost 50% of their
diet is domestic pets there's go to
nature's metal
go to nature's metal calm my all-time
favorite Instagram page so you guys page
back either you guys page back or they
he had to open up another one but that
guy has the most fucked up Instagram
sensitive sensitizing some shit at the
moment deep him Kim had a video it's
only like a 1520 second video of her it
was carrying a white-tailed deer out in
Texas there was no blood on it or
nothing you couldn't see that had been
gutted or anything like that and they
removed it said it was violence okay
this is nature's metal underscore backup
account I don't you follow it though but
yeah the other accounts not up anymore I
well click on the most recent one that
lion image when is that from yeah
December 20 no it's new Mecca its new
see if they're back 9 page right yeah
don't go to nature's metal underscore
just go to nature is metal Oh metal I
thought a segmental metal like metal um
so that's it that's the real one so
scroll up keep going and that's it right
there with the car this is the quick and
the dead
this is a Florida panther in this guy's
driveway snatches up a house Pat watch
this shit this is what the fuck you have
what the fuck happens this guy's got his
security camera running pal damn that's
a rap it's a rap a little fella it's not
a dog or a cat
fucking nearly looks like a cat it's a
kitty cat
yeah kill the cat everyone likes a bit
of pussy there's how dare you there's a
there's a growing population these
things they're endangered but they're
there and you know basically I mean it's
a subspecies I guess but it's basically
the same things a mountain lion yeah
alright so the first time I did a little
bit of research in Google it just comes
up that Cougars endangered in America
and but when you start looking into it
they're not at all there on the Least
Concern list in America because the
populations riving yeah and then when I
spoke to DNR in Colorado about you know
the the cougar as well they were saying
that their populations continued to rise
even with the tags that they've given
out their population just continues to
rise
yeah and without dogs you're just not
gonna hunt them maybe the people would
not
yeah you might get lucky and stumble
across its not paying attention to you
I'd love to them you'd want to have
limitless time though you know like to
actually that's the difference you know
yeah I'd like to have limitless time and
then just be like okay I'm dedicating a
whole month to stalking Cougars you know
yeah but that's the knock on bear
hunting as well bear hunting in the
1990s they outlawed dogs in California
you can still hunt black bears I guess
black bears are more accepted as a
nuisance if the population grows because
you know they'll they'll find your
garbage yeah and then once they will see
them as well but yeah it's not just that
once they find your garbage like that's
where they go they come by and day out
they're there they have a pattern and
they develop these habits but they
stopped using bears stop using dogs
rather to hunt bears in California and
then they stopped using baiting so those
two things are illegal there's no
baiting and there's no dog so good luck
bear huh yeah yeah especially with a bow
yeah pretty tough yeah the baiting ones
another one like people don't like
baiting and I get it you know we've done
it it's it's it's not the same no it's
not the same some pills it sounds good
yeah I did it that one time with you and
then and I was sort of like that it was
it was still good it was still cool now
and there's a tag in place and there's
Conservation Act in place but it just I
don't
I've got no desire to go back right I've
done that now that's cool and that
conservation is very important for the
elk population the moose population the
deer population cuz they they kill an
estimated 50% of all moose calves and
elk calves deer fawns it's all black
bears yeah yeah and they're cannibals
too they kill Cubs yeah crazy I've
watched this one the other day because
you hear people I give a bad charge of
male climb a tree and the black bear
climbs a tree like I mean fucking high
ones you've seen it yeah there's a
cinnamon black bear and she's got Cubs
and she goes so fast up that yeah holy
you can't climb up a tree to get away
from a bear yes get the fuck yeah you're
done the big ones just don't want to do
it anymore
yeah I think it still they can still do
it
ideas like oh the big ones won't chase
you up a tree yeah when you see the
speed that they go up a tree then you
can imagine the speed that they come
across land you know and it's just like
I always say I always tell people about
that one that was sleeping on an elk
kill that I had at grizzly we showed
that video the other day did yeah yeah
yeah we showed it on the podcast and I
remember I yelled at that grizzly the
one that would sleep on the elk carcass
and it fucking disappeared so fast and
quietly dude and I'm like if you don't
have eyes on one coming out you don't
know it's gonna come at you until you're
hit until it's on you fucking eat in
your face their pads are so soft yeah
the pads of the feet are so soft in
order to sneak up on things I remember
the first time I went bear hunting with
Cam and one was walking and he goes
right there right there right there I
turned to look I'm like no he's like
there so wow this is that video yeah cow
lowing up runnin dude galloping up the
tree running yeah and the fucking scary
cheetah doesn't stop there everyone ends
up fucking hang on and that's a black
bear with Cubs so you can imagine that
situation with the grizzly and her cubs
so fucking scary and so that's a collar
phase that looks like a colorful one on
the top is the black bear is the cub no
that's it looks like a full-grown black
bear the color phase has got a carb back
up the mountain we thought yeah that's
fucking boy boy crocodiles don't fucking
climb trees that's what I heard when are
we doing this someone started the
petition I fucking joe rogan needs to
han Australia you got snakes too though
bro yes let's fucking let's go over some
shit here the whole season in Australia
the whole season in Australia I've seen
two snakes one of them not poisonous is
it like a red-bellied black snake not
going to harm me a friendly snake the
other one are barely poisonous snake a
bit not very poisonous
might kill a kid or a dog biters you
guys have though no I didn't like no no
this giant they're not good
thank you talk to him fucking stay out
of it one thing I want to ask you about
is the thylacine the Tasmanian tiger
yeah I read that there there was
credible reports by people in the woods
they might have seen one I wish I don't
think so though but it's so remote right
there's so many cameras now those guys
are scouting cameras that are putting it
over deer wallows and stuff like places
that they would come in the drink it was
a big animal right wasn't it yeah a big
do they get 100 pounds something like
that what baby it bigger than that what
a cool-looking attitude and the mail was
coming like this there it is
scientists hunt for extinct Tasmanian
tiger after sightings in Australia yeah
that's probably what I saw I wish the
air article from what year scroll over
2700 really interesting solid the
extinction was driven from people all
right I'd like because they fucking
meat-eater said come in and start eating
sheep or whatever they get shot by
farmers and right off like that which is
a shame and I'm sure they didn't realize
how doing it at the time but that you
know they push them to extinction you
know if there's one thing that we should
bring back from extinction if we if it's
possible I believe they should be
brought back if it's possible right yeah
you have some DNA because I mean we do
it would be nice to have some sort of an
animal like that that could knock down
some of the populations are kangaroos
and like probably wouldn't they probably
just come in and devastate like
livestock
let me get back to why you need to come
to snakes all year in Australia and
fucking 17 snakes in the first month in
America dude 17 aaron schneider got
bitty yeah that is boot really yeah I
think he was in North Carolina or some
shit I forget where it was somewhere in
the south my buddy J's so this is the
first hunt that I did when I come to
America we flew in the Idaho when we
drove straight down the southern
Colorado the hunt prom on and we're
driving into the property at like 2:00
a.m. in the morning and there's a
pronghorn just standing on the side of
the road you know it's just like it's
dazed you know so my buddy Jay spools up
he walks over to it
and like literally touches it on the
head like it's like it's just like
walking down the road and we're likely
to get hit by a car
next minute I seen him jump bark a
rattlesnake had bit the pronghorn and he
stood he had a leg on either side of the
rattlesnake and it strike him it
actually striking twice at missed both
times
Wow I know I had a cake question him
like did that bite you and he's like nah
I'm like have a think about it did a
fucking bite you and he's like no it
didn't because I watched it in the
headlights go for him twice and once we
set up camp we went back there and that
prom home was dead it had killed that
prom on yeah I'm like fuck America this
dryer is so much safer a friend of mine
was hiking and he still almost stepped
on a rattlesnake and jumped back and
then realized there was a nest of them
Halloween it was a little one
surrounding them they were all over the
place he was like fuck yeah jumping
hopping around one leg after a noisy
yeah I actually had apparently that
happens yeah it does yeah
and tarantulas there dude everywhere
those tarantulas walking over the ground
everywhere I was saying this so a bold
the bold effort to prove the Tasmanian
Tigers still out there wildlife
biologist Forrest Galante has brought
one species back from the dead and he
wants to do the same with the Tasmanian
Tiger what the fuck is he brought back
from the dead this goddamn Frankenstein
unable played the the Cuban saw Leno Don
is one of the most curious animals the
planet small shrewd shrewd must be
shrewd like creature mammal is a mammal
but a highly venomous one fuck you bring
that back very specimen found that was
thought to be lost forever then
unexpectedly three were caught just a
few years later the extinct species mark
Don
so that may be the case with the
Tasmanian tiger hmm it'd be awesome okay
here it is gallant is a wildlife
biologist made his life's mission to
search for animals that have wrongly
been deemed extinct and among those
species on his list is the tasmanian
tiger duh
the difficulty leads to these like who
the fuck has seen one squid keep
scrolling see if anybody like legit
scene 1 he's been traveling around the
world searching for evidence species
like Tasmanian devil Paki L'Amour and
the Newfoundland white wolf still exist
100 species deemed extinct worldwide
annual annually this process isn't
foolproof and every now and then
animals are rediscovered after they were
thought to be gone forever but proving
the animals still out there is no easy
feat hmm I wonder huh I'm sorry
yeah captured footage of a Zanzibar
leopard which is thought to be extinct
for 25 years due to persecution by local
hunters in the Zanzibar archipelago in
Tasmania Tanzania rather excuse me wow
that would be fucking pretty dope if
they actually did find that thing it's
cool-looking animal you know yeah they
can't be in good numbers anymore yeah
like an animal like that like where did
they live Tasmania that's what it tells
me in target and has meaning is where
down the bottom of Australia the bottom
yeah it's a separate island that's that
tiny little triangle that's down the
bottom absolutely beautiful Island like
that's the only place they lived I
believe so how big is it yeah actually
they might have been on the mainland and
I think that's where the sightings have
been yeah oh wow it's big tazzie how big
is that place
I don't know fucking big enough they
don't allow any bowhunting there so I've
never gone do the hello hunting yeah I
think you can hunt with a gun for fellow
deer why they make you use a gun I don't
fucking know Australia's got some weird
rules ones oh yeah you guys like have
they bought up all the guns after a mass
shooting right well not all of them if
you were a license holder like a
shooters yeah the shooters licence and
you had a reason to have a gun then you
can still keep your guns so you had to
be like a member of a gun I don't own
any guns but you had to be a member of a
gun club I don't own any guns in
Australia you had to be a member of a
gun club have or perhaps mission on a
property where you're hunting and stuff
like that to keep you guns it's that
they keep trying to make it
during titer I think it's tied enough
because criminals are going to get what
they want right you know it's like how
many people have been killed with
baseball bat
fucking heaps are you going to be in
baseball bats right how many people have
been killed with a kitchen knife you're
gonna be in kitchen knives so I think if
you've got a legitimate reason to have a
gun you know like you don't have a
criminal record you don't have a mental
illness or something like that you
should have a right to have a gun so you
do basically do a safety course and
training in Australia and if you've got
that reason to have a rifle then you can
have it
no semi-automatics there's a bunch of
rifles and there's a bunch of guns that
you can't have in Australia that's
pretty much like bold action lever
action and those rules might have
changed as well no expert on obviously
hmm whereas in America every fucking
one's good yeah like everyone Amit's got
a gun I've got a gun too because if
everyone else has got a gun what a
fuckin gun - it's true isn't it true and
my guns for protection when I go into
the wilderness for bears right or if I'm
fuckin in some weed destination someone
comes in and tries to fuckin rape or
murder my family I'm gonna use it
alright and yeah it's just funny like
that but it's crazy to think and I know
it changes from place to place that you
know anyone could have a gun because you
know it's like you're right and to a
certain degree I agree with that but as
well I think you lose that right if
you've got a criminal record you've got
a mental illness or something like that
and fuck yeah exactly what good guys
with guns not bad guys with guns but
banning guns isn't gonna stop the bad
guys from having guns well it's just
weird it's like trying to take pee out
of the pool yeah it's fucking so that's
just too much yeah when you when you
hunt in Australia you're not allowed to
use a bolt-action rifle you can use the
bolt-action rifle it's like the
automatic semi-automatic Oh like an AR
yeah they are yeah I think pump actions
are being taken out now things like that
yeah huh yeah because I want to feel
like if especially with population
control something like fallow deer if
you have that many of them yeah I know
there's places that are just erupting
with them you would have to shoot them
right yeah totally
yeah there's no way you can a lot of
places it's like the whole Californian
thing you know they still getting killed
but it's just a hit professional hitman
that's doing it now there's not the rake
recreation behind it and in Australia a
lot of the times as they like a good
example is actually across the pond in
New Zealand where they're like fuck we
need to shoot 30,000 tile
you know toilet live in the mountains
yeah and because they're introduced I
reintroduced and I don't think there was
a lot of hunters arguing at the time and
no one was really arguing that we needed
to shoot some tar but we weren't like
fucking shoot 30,000 of them because I
shoot him from a helicopter and they
leave him rot on the mountain yeah they
don't use any of it it's just a massive
waste of resource you know and it's like
you they're never going to eradicate
them all anyway and why would they want
to shoot 30,000 of them well they're
introduced for starters right and
fucking politicians work off money and
fucking having a job to do so they make
a lot of these things up you know but I
would think that the money would be in
hire or people paying to go hunt them
some of these towns leave off hunters
like that any reason that town is there
like all their income is hunters coming
in and hunting these destinations and
that's the reason why the animals are
there in the first place
yeah in Newseum yeah that's right
zealand they were all introduced as by
wealthy Europeans they wanted to make it
like a hunting distance yes that's right
it is so crazy they just threw a bunch
of yeah this is our playground yeah
what's up fuck yeah well New Zealand's
happy for now because they've got
something hunting they got game animals
yeah but if they're truly causing that
much damage then yes obviously like fin
out the population but why not get
hunters involved to do it why not
no hunting you know where the meat gets
used you know with it where it's done
properly and you know benefits the
communities and well there's a lot of
hunting destinations in New Zealand
where people go to that are high fence
places which is a little weird yeah like
just I mean even if it's a couple
hundred acres or a couple days they're
fenced in and that animals aren't going
it's just different it's like what we're
talking about before where there's like
shallow fun yeah like oh I've never done
it but see that as like a shallow fun
and then there's meaningful funds
fucking what walk them out and find your
own spot yeah you know well be axel
actually go into the wild don't fence
the wild in and make it the knot while
don't make it the drastic the hard bit
the hard bit about saying that you're a
cock rate if you do it is a benefit some
wildlife like this oh yes yelling shit
that have been
walk back from the concern list or
nearly extinction because of all I fence
operations like in Texas and Africa
oh yeah so it's like I suppose it has
got its place but it's just there's
different there's different sorts of
hunters well there's also different
sizes of these partitions so like if
you're in a place like there's some
places in Texas that are 10,000 acres
like look that's so far beyond that
animals wild range that you might as
well be in a wild even if there's a
fence you know 80 miles in that
direction what the fuck are you ever
gonna get to that family or a deer
you're going to yeah it's true I think
I'm maybe I'm a little bit Chloe's more
than it's a it's like ideologically the
same thing I agree with you it feels
I've you know I've seen those places it
seems weird yeah it's like Jurassic Park
you go these giant gates and inside
those animals are fenced in they're
never getting out yeah yeah you know
they're in there yeah there's no mystery
no there's no mystery that's yeah and I
like I like the file you're in hunting
as much as I like the success if you
call like killing an animals a success
bit yeah you know I like that the
opportunity and you do everything in
your fuckin power still you work your
ass off you know your fuckin feed a
bleedin if if they have to to get to the
end of it but I like the idea that you
can still fail on a hunt and I like
failing on a hunt sometimes because it
makes you realize fuck this is hard so
the next time imagine everything you
shot out you just smoked I fucking give
it away in a day right I wouldn't be
interested in you know well like do you
like farming that's right
I like that value because it makes you
realize how fucking awesome it is when
you get something well it also it's
different between hunting and any other
way that you get meat because because it
is so difficult and it requires skill
planning intelligence you have to have
knowledge you have to know how to play
the wind you have to know when to move
when did not move it's a tactical
situation where you have to use the
right tactics to get in on this animal
it was gonna smell you or hear you or
see you there's so much involved in it
that's not involved if you're just
acquiring meat in the other way and
that's what it should take - yeah that's
what taking an animal's life so it
should take that effort
you know and it's like yeah you put so
much heart and soul into it that even if
you cut the meat up and it's like ruddy
and Tuffy like this is delicious yeah
well you were talking about your elk
hunt in New Mexico this year and how
difficult it was and you guys were out
there for over a month yeah yeah what we
did we did Oregon we did New Mexico and
we did Montana for elk and we're just
like busting our ass the whole time you
know and then I end up getting one that
it was like the one I actually really
just wanted him to get a shoot a bull
her first ball you know because she's
been going at it and the one afternoon
that she took off because she was doing
some home schooling with the kids and
trying to get on top of all that the
perfect opportunity popped up and you
know shooting is born and we never had a
good opportunity again you know yeah
which sucks but the thing is that's made
a hungrier for it next this season you
know like she realizes how hard it is
how difficult it is and you appreciate
it much more that's what it should be
well it's cool that she is determined
that it's not discouraging her then the
difficulty oftentimes for a lot of
people that difficulty because it's you
know you're out there seven days ten
days your feet are killing you you're
exhausted and you're like I just gotta
go in the fucking soup yeah yeah
Kim's actually a really good example of
what a lot of your audience would be
because Kim's really been that city girl
you know like that's that's just been
her life you know and then I had it took
about seven years to convince her to eat
fucking venison game man really yeah
yeah when how I did it was I shot a deer
and I was just like a nice healthy young
deer and I cut the back straps in the
cutlets I think you guys call them
tomahawk steaks I say we call them
cutlets I cut it in the cutlets and it
just looked like lamb cutlets dude and I
cooked up these lien cutlets and I
served it and she fucking loved it like
her and the kids were just like this is
delicious I think I actually only had my
oldest boy hunter at the time like this
delicious and they loved it and I'm like
that's venison that's deer because it
was just the image they hated I had no
idea what the meat tastes like you know
actually shooting a cute little deer
yeah yeah and now it's the opposite
where she doesn't feel as comfortable
eating an animal
she doesn't know about hmm you know
because if if we put venison in the
fridge freezer like it ever goes past
just Kim's hands on my hands that's here
you know where the animal come from you
know that it was healthy you know
everything like that and and then
coconut and heat nur and she feels a lot
more and I'm not trying to put anyone
down it buys me because like I said I
still buy me too and there's nothing
wrong with that that's the population of
the world it demands that but there's
something that you don't feel as guilty
about cooking your own mean yeah there's
some sort of connection there that goes
way beyond my birth yeah you know
whereas like a real connection with
hunting and eating the meat my littlest
daughter loves fishing loves it and
loves that we go fishing together and we
caught yellowtail in Hawaii
no I cooked it well I had the chef
actually cooked it and turned we stayed
at a hotel and you know they bring it to
the chef and the at the restaurant and
he would made sushi me out of it and
made ceviche and it was so good but she
loves it she just loves that she caught
something and brought it in and she
wants everyone to know that you're
eating something that she caught yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah that's a good
feeling well it's also I'm connecting
her with the what what a fish is you
know you go she likes sushi she's had
sushi before but now she's having sushi
that she was there when the thing died
she caught it she pulled it out of the
ocean
you know we took the hook out of its
mouth we filleted it like the whole dog
she saw shot every step of the way you
know so I think there's still like a
connection in people that's like it like
sparks up again when they do something
cuz we've done that for so long forever
forever when you catch a fish when it's
on the like the excitement like it
doesn't necessarily even make sense if
there's not some sort of a genetic
component to it yeah because the
excitement is so visceral so like its
genetic without that it's like what do
you do I'm pulling in lawn it's got some
white on it something's been you know
tickling on she's freaking first of all
she wouldn't let anyone help her mmm she
like wanted to do it her she's fucking
80 and she's got a 10-pound yellowtail
on this thing
and I'm helping her by holding on to the
rock yeah that's all I'm doing
in the world for hand you know so I'm
holding the rod to make sure it doesn't
and she's got two hands on the crank but
she wouldn't give up again what do you
want me to help you it's like no that's
awesome yeah she so determined because
when she did do it and brought it in the
thrill was so powerful she wanted to be
the one that brought it in yeah it's so
cool yeah I really believe there's like
this ancient connection 100% yeah and
it's like with hunting I do a hunting a
lot now so it's I feel like I'm in my
element but even the first time that I
shot something and I was cutting it up
for meat it was I felt so comfortable
doing it right away and it's like I'm
it's it was like I've done this a
million times before a lot of people say
the same thing a lot of people say the
same thing that they're Bryan Callen in
fact said the same thing and he and I
went hunting for the first time and he's
like it just seems like something we've
always done hmm like it's there's a
memory in our DNA man this is how we've
survived it was a great thrill if you
caught if you shot a deer you know
10,000 20,000 years ago and you managed
to bring that back to the village holy
shit everybody's eating good yeah we're
gonna get by we're gonna survive our
children you're gonna get nutrition yeah
this is a deep and meaningful feeling
and it's not like you shot something
like yeah yeah fucking shot it well not
that feeling no you you feel excited you
feel you like yes yes yes but it's a
different kind of excitement it's it's
sustance you're you're gonna get
nutrients you're gonna feed your family
you're gonna and it's all because you
did it the way you did it especially bow
hunting you know how difficult it is and
you pulled it off there's this thrill of
success and then there's this deep
connection with your meat you know when
I get an elk
I love eating that stuff so when I get
one I'm like now yeah good now I've got
meat I've got meat from months yeah and
I my friends have mean I have a fucking
I have a gang of comedian friends that
are eating alcohol because you know I
give them sausages and steaks and I
teach them like my friend Tom Papa he
taught him how to like cook elk roasts
you know like he calls is like what do I
do I'm like you gotta keep it low and
slow
you want like 275 degrees get it to an
internal temperature around 135
somewhere run then then you pull it sear
it on the outside let it sit for 10
minutes he calls me up like a couple
hours later holy shit it's because the
hunt starts will the hunt probably
starts here for you because you practice
and shoot your target and then you go
through all the preparation you go
through the hunt you're successful you
kill the animal the hunt doesn't end at
killing the animal that hunt continues
to go and like you're eating that animal
on your plate yeah like that's the
feeling that I get you know it's like
and that that sometimes I'm like it's
like why people call me a hunter I'm
just a human this is a human thing to do
right like go out catch your own cook it
eat it survive continue it is weird that
it's so is rare now yeah so how rare is
it in Australia like population wise I
don't know I fuck all there's not a lot
of hunters I feel like there is because
I'm in hunt the hunting community so I
know a lot of hunters but if I go to any
given person's house that's not most of
my friends are hunters as well now but
if say I go to one of Kim's friends
houses
there's no hunters in that house right
you know and then I'll go to a workplace
there's no hunters in that workplace
like it doesn't come up no one's there
like all it's so weird that what you do
you know it's not it's not like that
even though it's a part of my family's
heritage like like my grandfather he'd
go out trappin my uncles would go try
and my dad would do a bit of hunting not
bow hunting it was different you know
it's and alls almost like it wasn't even
called hunting back then that's what I
always think about our ancestors like
hunting's like almost like a modern word
that we made up yeah because it would
have just been something they do it was
just been normal we're hunting but
everybody does exactly when you wash
your clothes do you call yourself a
clothes washer pull this thing in front
of you yeah it's like if you wash your
clothes wash no fuck no one washes
clothes unless you're a dirty prick you
know everyone does that
because people know that I hunt like
people will find me like like if there's
a guy like somewhere and you know like
he wants to meet me somewhere it's like
the first thing that comes up almost
exclude like instantly we know each
other yeah dude you bowhunt yeah where
do you go I was like oh you know we go
to New Mexico every year how cool
none your fucking business yeah you and
John Dudley had that talk about public
spots and you're like cuz I agree it's
not yours like you don't own it like
everyone owns public land yeah but I'll
take this story back up for John but um
to share that spot is not the done thing
because it's like everyone should put
their own in a sense to go find a spot
yeah they go for the spot yeah and even
if you're happy to share a spot cuz I go
to a lot of different spots and social
media asked me to tell these spots and I
never do because that spot could be
someone else's paradise that they're
fuckin spent ten years to find right
then you give that information out to
the masses so don't fucking ask you know
that's the thing yeah that's the thing
right it's like even though these spices
are beautiful and everybody owns them
the last thing you want is what's
happening right now in Joshua Tree right
well that's one thing I really like
about what you do - you always make
videos of these trash that you pick up
you could bring a bag with you and your
well I started the things I brought a
bunch of gear with me and I'm fortunate
I've got really good sponsors and they
send me a bunch of gear as well so I
could do the trip over here without
bringing everything and I was walking
around New Mexico actually and I was
looking at all the trash sitting around
and I was like fuck it I'm gonna give
away all my equipment for this trip
virtually all my main hunting gear
backpack buh friggin Yeti cool whatever
you know and for anyone that tags me and
an image of them picking up trash and
I'm not going to say the the description
of it now cuz it's pretty much ended
I've given the bow away and all the gear
and because these hunters are doing that
anyway but I just thought I'd really
drive at home you know
and thousands and thousands of people
tagged me and them collecting rubbish
out in public lands or wherever you know
those people that were posting me
they'll picking it up on the beach right
here in LA you know collecting rubbish
so it was because it's disheartening
when you've got that connection to the
wild you see that you know like fuck
that doesn't belong here you know those
loans those balloons that float away
yeah holy Sh they need to ban them
fucking things because they drop don't
where someone walks out they let them go
then they end up somewhere it's usually
on the mountain you know the mountain
ends up catching up you know yeah yeah
it just doesn't belong there I was out
in the trail yesterday with my dog and
this came across this Bud Light can and
I just stopped and just staring at this
candy on the ground I wanted to find the
guy who did it and shove it down his
fucking throat what person does why
would you see this yeah I always think
of that and like who would do that this
is such a beautiful place and just be
like suck it leave it behind I see it
everywhere like because a lot of people
like I want to apologize on behalf of
America I'm like fuck that's not America
that's everywhere that's people
everywhere but there are certain places
that people that there's different
people New Zealand's one of them so New
Zealand has like hundreds and hundreds
of public land cabins
yeah like No Fee pretty much nothing but
if there is a fear it's like five bucks
and you can hike in or drive to these
cabins and you stay in there and they've
got mattresses in them they got beds
they've got the fire woods cut for you
it's left there by the hunters or
outdoors people before you and they're
in pristine condition and there's a gas
book - yeah yes you're signing that a
guestbook if that was in Australia if
that was in America would be so fucking
vandalized it's not funny but New
Zealand's got a certain type of people
that go into the out the bush the
mountains and there's a certain respect
that comes with it and maybe it's from
Maori culture or something like that and
that goes with it where where that just
doesn't happen the person that's there
before you cleans it out they sweep it
out they clean it they leave a bit of
tin food there or whatever they cut a
new firewood they stack it where it can
stay dry you know things like that and
that's it and and it's something that
goes about saying with me and my people
how we sort of do that's how we are
respectful
the land but there's so many people that
aren't that's a beautiful thing if you
find a community like that that
everybody agrees to respect that area
everybody agrees to do that and take
care of things I mean if you can really
come across something like that like
we're you talking about New Zealand
there's a just a great feeling of
community that can hardly there's a
there seems to be a tight hunting
community in America as well where
obviously none of that thing would
happen but there's so many people that
go way out into the outdoors that they
belong there so I don't want to say they
don't belong there but the truth is as
soon as you litter or something you
don't fucking belong there all right
yeah fucking trash you know yeah yeah
it's just it's so unfortunate it's
unfortunate that people do think like
that they think so selfishly they just
throw a water bottle on the ground yeah
they're yeah no one's gonna notice it's
out here in the wilderness that's what
it is it's that so so self-centered that
it's like no one or nothing else matters
you know there's so much of that so much
of that things get worse once people
doing a poor job of raising people hmm
you know they're not paying attention
yeah you know they're raising shitty
humans yeah I want to fight it like I've
constantly been fighting it and that's
why I have a social the social media and
stuff to keep promoting the outdoors and
good things in life and things like that
but another part of me is like and I
nearly did it last year just like fuck I
want to go off the grid like like really
off the grid so solar-powered you know a
couple of thousand acres of my own stuff
like that and just because Kim pretty
much only hates game meat now as well
like that's how we've gone so we just
want to gain meat it's like the next
step would be having our own chickens
collecting our own eggs growing our own
vegetables like living off the land you
know do you want to have like a phone
out fuck nine so how long would you live
out there for forever forever and ever
and ever
yeah how am I gonna get in touch with
you fucking I'll ever find out your
number and I think I just felt like
cutting it all out you know like fucking
cutting bills out cutting all that shit
out cutting contact yeah yeah I get that
do you still run your company to a
degree I've got really good people that
run
fortunately my business partner she's an
indigenous woman in that area she just
passed away a couple of weeks ago I'm
sorry yeah which is pretty sad but I'll
have you know no she's uh she's my
stepmother so long home yeah so it's my
dad's partner and so the indigenous then
like they don't really live to a long
age they're just that they're sort of
they're unhealthy in a sense because
they're so not used to our process you
know refined foods and things like that
and because you know indigenous how
old's Australia it's only a couple
hundred years old right and so you know
to get the sixty it seems like it's a
freaking miracle for him so I'm not sure
how old she was but she wasn't very old
and so unfortunately she passed away she
was on a dialysis machine and her heart
was really struggling to end up giving
out but um sorry where was I where was I
go on you know you just you were just
talking about being off the grid and
whether or not you still run your
company yeah so I've got really good
people that run the business for me and
everything's done by emails and phone
calls and I hardly do any of that
anymore I've got my hear from them once
a month if need be but I'd even look at
sell on the I'd probably look at sell on
the business especially after this has
happened after she's done yeah yeah
probably sell on the business but it
just depends her son her son's gonna
take over her partnership you know the
joint venture with her and stuff like
that which would be really good for him
and still you know allowing income into
the family and things like that so so
we'll just see where it goes but yeah I
was really thinking about going off the
grid and just like I've always wanted to
be like that I thought you know I just I
love that lifestyle time seems to go a
lot slower when you're out in the woods
yeah first out if you're doing is I
thought you didn't want to do you know I
like being in contact with the world
though I like that it's like I do
appreciate off-the-grid times but for me
I like them as like vacations yeah but I
like being in contact I want to know
what's happening with
the world I like I like being I like
being aware of cultural change
I like being it means also be caught up
because of what I do for a living is
obvious yeah I sort of don't I don't
care for it
like we don't watch the news at home we
don't tune into anything like that we
just sort of live our life and it's like
what affects us unless it's affecting
the greater community in a sense for the
worse you know because the country is
run by fucking clowns that's how I feel
your country as well yeah what's worse
they stir these fucks are too busy
trying to look good in Parliament and
argue with each other to get anything
actually done you know like what are the
big issues in Australia I don't know
because I don't tune into it anymore
well you guys have crazy immigration
laws you don't let anybody go over there
it's like people who think that the
United States is rough with this whole
wall thing oh yeah Australia takes that
to a whole new level this shit people to
an island Yeah right
it's a fucking nice Island is it yeah
well think about what you guys are I
mean you guys replaced the the British
side all their prisoners to a better
place
exactly I did all the security fencing
around some of the detention centers so
you've pretty much you're on that island
you know and then you get shipped to
like the hottest most fucking arid part
of Australia like it's deaf and I did
the fencing around there and then I
believe they're there for so long and
then they can you know they either get
shipped back home or they can go out to
the broader community in Australia which
they get treated very well obviously so
is it just an assessment please like
were they trying to find out criminal
violent yeah I think that's that's the
important thing you know that's why you
can't just have open borders you know
some terrorist comes in right some guy
that thinks fucking rapes fine some guy
that thinks you know crazy shits fine
you know assess those people and we can
send them off all yeah but the if you
did that in the most arid part of
America people would be so angry because
people start dying
well people are angry in Australia as
well I think and stuff like that what
are you supposed to do it so technically
you know it's a very it's a hard
situation yeah it's not something that's
just like no just let him through no
fuck no and
not like just don't let them through
right now it's that middle ground again
you know let's assess them let's work it
out
because I always think what if I was in
their shoes you know I've got Kim and
the kids or whatever and now we're in a
country that's war fucking streak and
I'd be trying to get the fuck out of
there too you know no matter what it
took
yeah you know well not no matter what it
took but but you know of course yeah I
mean I always say that about people that
are talking about people sneaking over
this country I'm like this country is
made out of immigrants yeah it's an
immigrant country yeah and what do you
expect when you go good Oh fucking
countries immigrant yes yeah I mean that
is that's like people in LA saying they
don't want anybody moving to LA yeah
bitch where you from
look at this dryer like where if you're
fucking why you're an import right and
by the way if you are one of the
original people that came here I mean
the one of the original European
settlers you're probably a fucking slave
on yeah yeah your grandparents were
slave owners like if you if you didn't
come over here as a recent immigrant
like I'm third generation my
grandparents came over here from Europe
if they didn't then if they were here
for 10-15 generations they're probably
fucking so I actually I never feel a
real good connect with anywhere I go
including my home Australia because I'm
not indigenous you know it's like weird
and so I've always looked at because you
know I don't worry about fucking flags
or borders or anything like that I've
just always looked at the world the
world home well specially so much time
with unions people in Australia yeah cuz
it work and not you know like I no
disrespect to any flag I love the flag
and I love what they stand for but it's
only someone's design a board is only
something that someone's put on the map
yeah you know it's it's like a real
weird thing like that it is a weird
thing but also you want to protect
people from people that come from
it's unless the whole world was the same
unless everybody whole world was on the
same level you know we're not going to
do this we're not gonna do that this is
illegal this is fine let's the whole
world was like that then borders be easy
to cross well that's actually what Amon
cares
we've been talking about this a lot but
America is essentially like Europe but
everybody who speaks the same language
but you can go
any country mmm like New Mexico is
fucking way different than Miami yeah
right
Miami is way different than la la is way
different than Seattle those are all
almost like completely different plates
oddly but they're all you could go to
him I mean ideally that's where it would
be it would be you could travel anywhere
where the opportunity was we thought you
can get a good job and you want to
better yourself your family you'd have
an opportunity yeah
the fact that currency and life values
are different for starters you know he's
you know why that can't happen yeah yeah
it'd be nice well be nice it would be
nice if one day the whole world rises up
and you know when you look at the
Western world whether it's Europe or the
United States and places where things
are going really well or Asia it would
be nice if the whole planet was like
that if there was no third world if
everything was fantastic if everything
was just basically just like we're
talking about here hey you can live in
Phoenix or you can live in Billings
Montana or you could live in
Massachusetts
whoever the fuck you want that's what we
have here we have a real unique thing in
this country and that's why people want
to come in yeah it's fucking good pretty
dope I hear a lot of because you always
hear the negative things and I hear a
lot of people ragging on America in
their own country and stuff like that
you know this is fuck these fucking
America is brilliant Australia is
brilliant these countries are all so
fucking lucky to be here yeah you know
because you look at other parts of the
world you're like fuck yeah I can't feed
their baby yeah do you not I mean yeah
like yeah yeah I think Africa like
always frettin my kids and it's not a
threat because they love it but I always
say I'm fucking taking the Africa
because I have a long ago when I went to
Africa like I was watching little babies
in a village crawl around in like three
four inches of dust you know every
second person you met had fucking war
scars on their face you know in
Mozambique and Zimbabwe and you're
driving down there's a roadblock there's
dudes with fucking ak-47s at a duct tape
together there's a guy on the side of
the road with a fucking bazooka or a
rocket launcher
you don't know if their friend or foe
you know and this is just not at normal
everyday life going for Africa there's a
tourist bus on the side of the road it's
fucking burnout
and there's just bullet holes sprayed
through a line of the windows you know
and shit like that and it's like fuck
this isn't Australia this is an America
like this is different and and sometimes
and my kids that they're grateful but
they're on a different tune than me you
know and I'm just like fuck they need a
trip to Africa and they can see not that
I'm trying to expose someone else's life
so my kids realize like but just so they
can feel you know like you've got a good
you know you've got a good life you like
appreciate it like it can be a lot
harder it's hard to appreciate right
it's like we were talking about going
into the bush if you go into the bush
for seven days then you come out you
appreciate hot water they appreciate
sunshine if you've been out in the rain
but it's hard for people to appreciate
it without actually experiencing it
because you can only conceptualize it so
much in your head unless you're actually
there it doesn't do it no does it you
know and that's virtually at reality's
never gonna touch on that AVU no no no
it's gonna turn us into this some weird
spongy looking fucking soft jelly bag
yeah exactly yeah I'm worried I'm really
worried about the future but I guess
that's just what happens and because it
seems like look what my old Nana and
Papa Devine saying the same thing about
our generation now well we are soft as
fuck in comparison and chimps right our
ancient ancient ancestors were something
like chimps they're probably looking at
us now look at these pussies with their
shoes
they need houses can't even sleep in a
tree fucking dummies you know I mean
like they totally but we don't want to
live like that either you know maybe the
matrix would be so beautiful like this
Adam green run a fucking gun that
doesn't work if I'm hunting and it's
raining I always what gets me out there
and continues me to hunt neurones I'm
like it's fucking water like I have a
shower every night when I'm at home I
get the dry off afterwards yeah
I'm like have you ever seen animals in
the rain like an animal would be like
feeding and it's sunshine just feeding
and it will start pissing down raining
it just keeps feeding yeah it doesn't
even fucking like what
it's just fucking life you know that's
life and always think I'm just an animal
like what's the difference I'll get
hypothermia and die well yeah gore-tex
you're fine then it's like but even if
you don't it's like fuck whatever you
just wear just water well the technology
today like what they figured out for
outdoor gear so good you where you don't
merino wool which even when it gets wet
keeps your body warmth in this the the
water protection yes this gear so good
there's so many different companies to
make outstanding stuff now you can be
fine in the rain exactly yeah yeah and
yeah I just think we just cake it and so
removed like as soon as it rains like
everyone runs to the car run about a
year here they don't even know how to
drive yeah oh my god a little bit of
drizzle it was like yeah and then
accidents everywhere people don't know
they don't realize it gets slippery you
dumb fuck change your driving fucking la
has been it's so goofy it's nearly
upsetting because I'm like people have
to do this every day to go to work on
traffic some people's lives like what
the why the fuck would you do that like
but people they fucking caught up in the
whole system
if you drive out to like like you go up
to five and head towards like Palmdale
or Bakersfield or any place out there
and you see traffic at like 6 o'clock in
the morning bumper-to-bumper just
reaches all people making it to LA so
they drive an hour all the way out to
Palmdale our 15 our 20 because the rent
is cheaper and then they make their way
or home that their law yeah their life
every day's three hours plus of driving
in the car Orange County people that
live in Orange County that place is
fucking dense correct dent it's
beautiful out there it's a great great
place to live but god damn if you have
to go anywhere like if you have to drive
to Hollywood every day good fucking luck
keep sanity that there's probably a
clock right now listening to us I 5
reopens in the grapevine after what is
this snow last month
snowed like this is the power you're
saying like Palmdale area this is it was
snow in a Palmdale just shut everything
down someone's got a goal in their ayman
towards that goal and they're doing a
job to get that goal then fucking good
on them but other than that if you're
doing this for a fucking dead-end job
vehicles just sitting on the highway
covered in snow yeah that's what you
want a four-wheel-drive truck with some
good fucking knobby tires no that's what
you ring up and sound not coming yeah
that damn yeah yeah I feel sorry sorry
for anyone that's caught up with that
it's so rare that it snows out there too
no one knows what the fuck to do when it
snows I grew up in Boston and in the
snow I had to drive every day in the
snow because I delivered newspapers that
was my job from time I was like 17 till
I was 22 ish somewhere around there
maybe the last time I stopped
22:23 I got up every fucking morning so
taught me two things one it taught me
discipline because I had to be up at
five o'clock in the morning no matter
what even earlier on Sunday because it
was a big thick Sunday papers you had to
make multiple trips
I even had a van I bought a cargo van
just to deliver newspapers in some
shitty cargo van I forgot to change the
oil and just seasoning put it to the guy
I go what's wrong he's like you didn't
have any oil and I'm like fuck not good
with cars no everyday man so if I'm in
this note today I'm and I feel my ass
and kick out I'm like whoa hey I know
what to do yeah yeah you don't panic
I don't slam on the brakes like I drove
a lot and snow
did you remember having like a set goal
at that point doing that job no I just
wanted to not work yeah and nobody could
tell me what to do when I was in my car
because I like the thing about it is I
had a job
this was my task I had hundreds of
houses that I delivered newspapers to
but I didn't have anybody with me while
I was doing it while I was doing it
nobody's telling me what to do
no one's yelling at me I'd listen to you
know on the radio listen to a talk radio
and this was some music
think about jokes and shit and just
throw newspapers out the window yeah it
was nice yeah it is I was nice did not
have someone that it was better for me
I would way rather work seven days a
week and it was only a few days a few
hours a day so even though it was every
single day it was only like three hours
a day you know I was done by 8:00 and
I'd go back to sleep now you got the
biggest fucking podcast mm it's crazy
I saw I've been self-employed since I
was 21
really yeah yeah and I had a big media
company reached out to me not so long
ago and the biggest thing that turned me
off because the pricing and everything
was right was I'm like I fucking can't
take orders I can take orders podcast
types yeah pretty much own a lot of my
content and unfortunately a part of that
would have been changing some of the
companies that I'm with and and like I'm
friends with the companies I'm with I'm
with those companies because they're
what I want to eat like hunting
companies yeah yeah and but the thought
of happened to be on someone else's
timeline then mm-hmm like I was like I
fucking don't want to do that I can like
right now I'm just doing me and whatever
happens happens and it's like your
situation you know yeah if I even had a
guy that I had to check in with once a
month yes a so upward trend fucking
phone call yeah and I'm such a
spur-of-the-moment guy yeah like this
hunt come up on going there right I want
to do this with the kids or keep the
family on Duke Ellington doing it I
really like that so relaxing dude to be
like that and that's why I built the
business that I've got to where it is as
well where I don't have to be at work
continually how often you putting out
your podcast right now I've put a hold
on it since this trip because it's just
been so even though this truth would
have been epic to do it on I just I just
haven't done it because I'm everything's
like so fast forward
it's insane plus you have the kids with
you that's out exactly yeah yeah but as
soon as I get back home which is like
middle of February after the Western
Expo then I'm gonna start pumping it
again I love doing
exponents yeah yeah yeah a lot of
people's that what is that sorry I think
it's like 15 16 17 for February maybe
you should get along I've been there
before
Oh February 14th February 14th the seven
is Western Expo in Salt Lake City Utah
dad it's free but daddy's not free on
the 14th of the Valentine's Day
yeah pick your battles you got to know
what to do like I make sure that I take
plenty of family vacations around
hunting trips
yeah totally we just went over to the
Big Island didn't you um no we went to
Maui I did yeah oh we did that for New
Year's yeah yeah I decided to stop
working on New Year's yes right now I
can't really work anyway like
legitimately for a couple months because
I don't have enough material because I
just did a Netflix special and I want to
make sure I don't want anybody come and
see me and I'm half-ass oh yeah you know
so if I'm doing sets around LA like
right now I could rock it for 20 minutes
or a half hour that's easy I mean that's
not easy but it's it's doable it's legit
I don't feel like I'm a fraud like if I
do a half hour show that's a real half
hour show but it's not a real hour show
there's a big day because our show like
in a theatre or an arena I really need
an hour and 20 because I know I got to
make sure everything's good it's just
there's a giant responsibility you don't
want to leave anybody people get
babysitters and they they take time out
of the day I gotta be prepared so I work
hard at it so I was thinking about New
Year's and when it came they were trying
to set up New Year's gigs for me and I'm
like not only am I not ready I don't
think I want to do it because it seems
like such a big event like New Year's is
like it's I can't believe it we're
celebrating it's like Vegas on crack
yeah you know it's like the whole thing
is just ramped up so far past normal
show show I would say we were out in the
desert
we just make him and the kids on New
Year's and to everything else just
fucking turns like normal but to the
human race it's like because it's
written on a calendar it's like this big
deal you know yeah and it is cool but
fuck New Year's seems like such a good
time just to chill for me yeah it was a
good time to chill yeah we went to the
you know we were staying at a resort and
Maui and was beautiful and the food was
great and it was big the beach was great
just fucking just chill yeah I need more
of that my life I need more chill time
just everything I'm just doing so many
different things like I have to balance
it out with your nothing's yeah there's
because when I'm go go go sometimes I'm
just like fuck I just want to sit on the
couch and I feel lazy as fuck on my dogs
I'm so used to go on but that's sitting
on the couch and watching a movie and
just chilling it's like you retire holy
shit yeah you recharge yep it totally is
and it makes you hungry to go go go
again yeah sometimes I need that I need
that for that took me a while to figure
that out with stand-up - so like
sometimes I need to take little breaks
just to recharge my imagination recharge
my enthusiasm for it there's a balance
in life like you can't work out five
hours a day every day you back your body
totally you need breaks and I think you
need breaks with your imagination you
need breaks with enthusiasm with
everything yeah let them on reset yeah
yeah so so what are you doing while
you're in LA like how long you gonna be
here for we just like how we did Disney
with the kids and just chilled out we're
leaving tomorrow heading back to Utah
Salt Lake City we ran you up there
pretty much getting organized to go back
home so I'm gonna drop the I've got that
Winnebago trailer I'm gonna drop off
there and I visit declutter yeah I'm
gonna go visit Hoyt yeah yeah I'm gonna
send out a bunch of this shit that I
said I'd give away and stuff like that
then we're going back to Utah Utah has
been our base pretty much some friends
are up Utah gonna go back to Utah and
pack up a bunch of stuff and then I got
a bison hunt that I'm going to do that's
the last hunt while I'm in America and
then down to the west and x-bow we've
got a like West screen and one of the
movies that I did there I did a movie
over in New Zealand and the boys from
bow hunt down under in Australia filmed
it for me and they did a fucking awesome
job well the one you guys did with cam
the underarmor one was fantastic they
finally do then what
fucking movie is because you know they
want to cut it cut it down to 20 minutes
I made that one pretty long it was
20-some minutes but um because men can
add like two weeks together fucking
running around going while that's
awesome and there's so much that they
can't show in that twenty minutes of
course you know and like some really
cool shit but um I'm hoping to get cam
out again this year I've got those two
Buffalo hunts lined up and yeah you need
to come out too which would be fucking
horse this whole the city out this whole
trip I've been no know what I've been
doing in America
I've been collecting fucking spiders and
snakes and shit like that
and I was gonna let them all fucking go
in the studio dude I was gonna let them
all go in the studio I'm like fuck
you'll never have me on again if I do
that but I was gonna bring one in here
with me to show me just fucking now I
was just gonna let it out halfway
through this I didn't say if you could
carry on I had it all fucking lined up
and then I got changed because I had to
go to Arizona I didn't get go back to
Idaho tapes it was fucking amazing
that's Idaho might be like the
undiscovered gem like the gem in this
country there's fucking no one there
there's no one there's no one but Boise
is fantastic yeah fucking love that city
I had a great time there man it's
beautiful and the mountains out there so
glad it is it's a pretty place so our
friends are basic so every time we fly
in every year when we fly and I usually
fly in the Idaho first right up high
near Spokane like near Washington and
then we end up driving from there to
southern Colorado southern Colorado New
Mexico New Mexico back to southern
Colorado cuz came out of Hamelin tag
stealing's you end up tagging a problem
on then this is how much shit I fucking
done on this trip I can't I had to get
Kim the fucking write it down because
I'm like where have we been it's been
hectic and I think I've been to Idaho
like four or five times in this trip
like back and forth back and forth Wow
you ever go to Coeur d'Alene yep yeah
haven't been my friends near Coeur
d'Alene it's beautiful water is so clear
you can see like a hundred feet down
there it's a fucking nice spot I gotta
bring up this message and read it out
that's yeah it's been crazy
yeah so we end up we flew in the Idaho
and we went to southern Colorado then we
went to New Mexico back to southern
Colorado back up to Idaho and then I end
up flying now now we end up driving the
Eastern Oregon hump bull elk then I end
up flying out to Arizona to hunt elk as
well on the Navajo Reservation which was
really cool then we then I flew to BC
hundred moose then I flew back then we
went to Kentucky I drove all the way to
Kentucky with the kids which took like
four or five days fucking insane we took
our time all sort of checking it out you
know where there's nothing where where
there's absolutely nothing
well Nebraska dude holy fuck we drove
for hours and hours through Nebraska and
like seen nothing but like cornfield or
something like that
sorry anyone from Nebraska but Nebraska
was born people under Brassica right now
oh my gosh did you know I'm sure there's
some pretty places yeah I don't think so
they know about it yeah that's right
yeah wasn't that what was it oh what
Kansas was Dorothy where's it evolved
yeah then we went to Texas we drive down
to Texas how long you guys been here
four plus months your kids are holding
up remarkably well
yeah they awesome yeah yeah least in
front of you there's been some good
arguments on the way but I'm J pretty
good I'm like fuck they like even locked
in a trailer or locked in the car or
we're in like a air B&B or something
like that and they're all gathered
together and and it's not until you're
around other people's kids that you
realize how good your own kids are like
that's because I'm always like they're
naughty you know and then that you're an
occasion like fuck how kids a saint
Santa Claus yeah you're ugly
haughty but yeah then we went from Texas
to Utah hung at Utah for a wall then I
drove back to Colorado come back to Utah
again what's ironic is that you as an
Australian and your family as
Australians are getting to see more of
America most Americans ever do I sound
like fucking get out there and do it get
out there and do it out there in just a
beautiful place we live in
yeah I think some people don't have the
means to yeah you know like and that's
why people are driving for this fuck
traffic every day to try and make the
means to do that you know yeah yeah
that's a grind out there fuckers yeah
it's a grind yeah the traffic does my
fuckin head in concrete does my head in
math people do my head in like I'm
walking around eating you like fuck yeah
but isn't it fun to do like every now
and again it is yeah to go to New York
City every now and again yes go Jesus
fuck that's the trickiest trip in all of
this fucking wild ass country I think I
know the reason why hunters get so much
flak from a lot of people is because
they are stuck in that they don't know
the other end of things yeah you know
they don't know the wilderness side of
things because they're fucking jammed in
there I always think like that's why I
love promoting it as well so much like
people don't even know about this they
don't know to exist they don't even know
this is something you can do they don't
know the rewards from them also they
feel morally detached from the food that
they're eating like they don't feel like
an obligation to their food they don't
feel like they don't mean it's just a
steak
yeah there's no there's no connection
and because of that they don't feel like
they did anything wrong
nah that's wrong whereas you know if you
shoot a fawn and you know and you could
like oh you shot a baby yeah you know
what do you think your veal is stupid
what do you think lamb ASA the rack of
lamb yeah you ordered a baby that's a
baby rat lamb is a baby sheep you fuck
but most people that's weird I don't so
I don't hate on a cuz I understand it
like that the population of the world
demands a yes but if someone hates on me
for it then you've got a pointer there
I'm still not hating on ya I'm just
pointing it out oi you're doing the same
thing but someone else is doing it for
you yeah it's out of ignorance yeah yeah
and even if you're a vegan or a
vegetarian
you know that still kills animals like
have a look at the cleared land to be a
vegan they need the clear land
you know so it's like that's a whole
middle ground again Jannik form yourself
if everyone went vegan we'd fucking have
to clear mass amount of land kill mass
amounts of animals and everything like
that do you not I mean
well then if they're on went hunters
then fucking would slaughter the fuck
out of so much wildlife it's not funny
well on top of that you wouldn't be able
to just let those animals loose like
you'd let all the cows loose you know
all slamming in the fucking cars on the
street you just devastating yeah like
you know ground that can't be trampled
on exactly yeah but it's that middle
ground yeah some vegans and vegetarians
are good you know some hunters and that
are good and then there's that middle
ground which is all the normal cunts you
know that just understand like I've got
a mate it's not actually damaging you
know I can eat some vegetables that's
not damaging like it's just everything
in its place
ya know I think your perspective is very
healthy that it's good to have these
extreme animal rights activist because
it balances everything yeah we need
balance yeah yeah yeah I agree
just don't fucking mouth off of me about
it don't mouth off why this cunts and so
much better with an Australian accent
cuz this is so normal in Australia just
like normal
yeah yeah normal so at our friends seem
so whole which he put up a post and was
about some politicians yeah there you go
beautiful he makes an awesome shirt
publicly and I know that's it but I
don't know oh yeah boy so he put this
post up and it's about this politician
that you know he he goes you know it's a
pretty decent fucking riding that he's
done up about you know how the guys not
doing his job and stuff like that and
they're gonna take this public what land
away from us or close it and and I'm in
the comments on like so basically what
you're saying is either cunt like we can
get there a lot quicker this dude's a
cunt doing these jobs and fuck some
people took offense to it you know my
advice and
finding is like either destroying it's a
prison but here it's like you're Satan
oh yeah you know it's like saying I'm
not even gonna say it okay yes it's a
bad word it's a bad word yeah it's not
like over there it's like a gentle
it's like fucker hey Jamie if Jamie
walked in here hey fucker yeah if you
said that to me I'd be like hey what's
up
normal there's four things you can't do
you can't say anything bad about
whitetail hunting can't say anything bad
about fucking Jesus you can't say the
word cunt and I can't mean what the
fourth one wasn't about the American
flag like fucking done yeah all right
dude we just did three hours again Wow
just flew by well it's cuz it always
does Brady coffee its coffee this rooms
rooms in goddamn time fuck I wanted
Kanye to be in here at the same time so
he can gang up and even talk him into
bowhunting we got killer Mike scum on
the podcast soon he said that he wants
to go out coming with me but his wife
won't let him hunt with white people
I told 1.6% African so thanks for having
me on the show it's always always good
to see you my friend and we got to
schedule another lanai trip hell yeah
whole Northern Territories or the
nine-nine four seasons love you buddy
[Music]
[Applause]